Source: http://www.linuxfoundation.org/about/bylaws

# Bylaws

Amended and Restated Bylaws of  THE LINUX FOUNDATION (an Oregon nonprofit
mutual benefit corporation) Effective as of August 9, 2007 Schedule Aamended
May 14, 2008


# ARTICLE I  Offices

## Section 1.1 Principal Office.

The principal office for the transaction of the business of this corporation
shall be located in the State of Oregon. The Board of Directors is hereby
granted full power and authority to change the principal office from one
location to another.


## Section 1.2 Other Offices.

Branch or subordinate offices may at any time be established by the Board of
Directors at any place or places where this corporation is qualified to do
business.

# ARTICLE II  Purposes

## Section 2.1 Purposes.

This corporation is a nonprofit mutual benefit corporation, organized and
operated to engage in any lawful activity permitted by Section 501(c)(6) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The purposes of this corporation
include promoting, protecting, and standardizing Linux and open source
software.

# ARTICLE III  Membership

## Section 3.1 Classes of Membership.

There shall be three classes of membership in this corporation: (i) Platinum;
(ii) Gold; and (iii) Silver. As used herein, the term “member” may be used to
refer generically to a Platinum Member, Gold Member, or a Silver Member.


## Section 3.2 Membership Qualifications.

The following shall be the requirements for membership in each membership
class:


### (a) Platinum Members.

The Platinum Members shall be individuals and entities that engage in or
support the production, manufacture, use, sale or standardization of Linux or
other open source-based technologies. A Platinum Member shall pay the annual
membership dues identified on Schedule A to these Bylaws (the “Membership Dues
Schedule”). A Platinum Member shall cease to be a member in the event of its
resignation or expulsion from this corporation.

### (b) Gold Members.

Gold Members shall be individuals and entities that engage in or support the
production, manufacture, use, sale, or standardization of Linux or other open
source-based technologies. A Gold Member shall pay the annual membership dues
identified on the Membership Dues Schedule. A Gold Member shall cease to be a
member in the event of its resignation or expulsion from this corporation.

### (c) Silver Members.

Silver Members shall be individuals and entities that engage in or support the
production, manufacture, use, sale, or standardization of Linux or other open
source-based technologies. A Silver Member shall pay the annual membership dues
identified on the Membership Dues Schedule. A Silver Member shall cease to be a
member in the event of its resignation or expulsion from this corporation.

## Section 3.3 Affiliates; Additional Rights; Limitations on Voting Rights of
   Members; Etc.

### (a) Affiliates.

The Board of Directors may establish one or more classes of individuals or
entities associated with this corporation. Such individuals or entities shall
be referred to as “Advisors”, “Affiliates”, “Associates”, “Contributors”, or
any other title as the Board of Directors deems appropriate (collectively, the
“Affiliates”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no class or classes of Affiliates
shall have the right or be entitled to vote

#### (i)

in the election of any directors, provided that this limitation on voting shall
not prevent one or more Affiliate classes from recommending or appointing one
or more At-Large Directors as provided in Section 5.3(d) hereof,

#### (ii)

on a sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of this corporation,

#### (iii)

on a merger of this corporation,

#### (iv)

on a dissolution or reorganization of this corporation,

#### (v)

on amendments to this corporation’s Articles of Incorporation (the “Articles”)
or Bylaws, or

#### (vi)

on any other action otherwise requiring the vote of members. Further,
Affiliates shall not be or have any of the rights and privileges of voting
members as contemplated by Section 65.227 of the Act.* * References in these
Bylaws to the “Act” are to the Oregon Nonprofit Corporation Act.

### (b) Additional Rights and Privileges of Members and Affiliates.

The Board of Directors may by resolution establish such additional rights,
privileges and duties corresponding to each class of members and Affiliates
provided that such rights, privileges, and duties are consistent with the
Articles and these Bylaws.

### (c) Limitations on Voting Rights of Members.

Except as may be otherwise provided for by resolution of the Board of
Directors, no member shall have the right or be entitled to vote (i) on a sale,
lease, exchange, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
of this corporation, (ii) on a merger of this corporation, (iii) on a
dissolution or reorganization of this corporation, or (iv) on amendments to
this corporation’s Articles or Bylaws.

## Section 3.4 Admission.

Except as otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, admission
of members shall be made by the Executive Director upon a determination by the
Executive Director that the member meets the qualifications established for
membership as set forth in these Bylaws.

## Section 3.5 Dues, Fees and Assessments.

The Membership Dues Schedule may only be amended or revised by a majority vote
of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that any such amendment or
revision shall not operate retroactively, nor shall any increase take effect
until such time as any then-current member becomes obligated to pay its next
annual membership dues. The Board of Directors may establish a policy for
acceptance of in-kind contributions.

## Section 3.6 Termination of Membership.

The membership of any member shall terminate upon the occurrence of any one or
more of the following:


### (a) Resignation

Any member may resign from this corporation in a writing delivered to the
    Secretary of this corporation. The resignation of a member shall not
    relieve the member from any obligations the member may have to this
    corporation as a result of obligations incurred or commitments made prior
    to resignation, including without limitation, any membership dues, fees or
    assessments that are due and owing prior to the resignation. A resigning
    member shall not be entitled to receive any refund, pro rata or otherwise,
    of any membership dues, fees or assessments for the balance of the calendar
    year in which the resignation is effective.

### (b) Expulsion

    Termination or Suspension. Membership may be terminated by a majority of
    the Directors then in office after giving the member at least 15 days’
    written notice by first class or certified mail of the termination and the
    reasons for the termination, and (except in the case of termination for
    non-payment of membership dues, fees or assessments in timely fashion) an
    opportunity for the member to be heard by the Board, orally or in writing,
    no less than five days before the effective date of the termination. The
    decision of the Board shall be final and shall not be reviewed by any
    court.

## Section 3.7 Reinstatement.

Members suspended, terminated or expelled pursuant to Section 3.6(b) may be
reinstated only upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then
in office.

## Section 3.8 Property Rights.

No member shall have any right or interest in any of the property or assets of
this corporation, except for rights retained in any work contributed to this
corporation, but only to the extent permitted by any policy relating to
intellectual property rights approved by the Board of Directors and then in
force.

## Section 3.9 Nonliability.

No member shall be liable for the debts, liabilities, or obligations of this
corporation merely by reason of being a member.

## Section 3.10 Nontransferability.

No member may transfer for value or otherwise a membership or any right arising
therefrom, and all rights of membership shall cease upon the member’s death,
resignation, expulsion, termination or dissolution. Notwithstanding the
foregoing:

### (1)

Upon the completion of any acquisition or merger involving a single member in
      which the member is not the surviving entity, the Board of Directors in
      its discretion may permit such member’s membership to be transferred to
      the surviving entity for the remainder of the then-current membership
      year if the surviving entity qualifies for membership as provided in
      these Bylaws; provided, however, that the surviving entity shall remain
      liable for any unpaid membership dues, fees, or assessments of the
      disappearing member.

### (2)

On the completion of any acquisition or merger involving two members, one of
      the two memberships shall be deemed to expire as of the effective date of
      the merger, which election shall be made by the surviving entity provided
      the surviving entity qualifies for membership in the elected class;
      provided, however, that there shall be no proration or refund of
      membership dues, fees or assessments for the year of the acquisition or
      merger and the surviving entity shall remain liable for any unpaid
      membership dues, fees, or assessments for both memberships for the entire
      then-current membership year; and

### (3)

The Board of Directors in its discretion may permit a member to transfer its
      membership to another entity within its same Control Group (as defined in
      Section 5.3(g), below) if the transferee qualifies for membership in the
      transferring member’s class; provided, however, that the transferor and
      transferee shall be and remain jointly and severally liable for any
      unpaid membership dues, fees, or assessments of the transferring member.

The Board of Directors may grant a waiver of any provision of this Section 3.10
in its discretion.

## Section 3.11 Distribution of Assets upon Dissolution.

Upon dissolution of this corporation, and after all of the known debts and
liabilities of this corporation have been paid or adequately provided for, any
remaining net assets of this corporation shall be distributed by the Board of
Directors to one or more organizations selected by the Board of Directors which
will help to further the purposes of this corporation.  ARTICLE IV Membership
Meetings

## Section 4.1 Place of Meetings.

All meetings of members shall be held either at the principal office of this
corporation or at any other place within or without the State of Oregon, as
determined by the Board of Directors pursuant to the authority hereinafter
granted to the Board of Directors.

## Section 4.2 Annual Meetings.

The annual meeting of each class of members of this corporation shall be held
in each calendar year, on such date and at such time and place as determined by
the Board of Directors. Annual meetings may be held in any manner permitted by
law.

## Section 4.3 Special Meetings.

Special meetings of the members shall be held at the call of the Board of
Directors, the Chairman of the Board, or members holding five percent (5%) or
more of the voting power of this corporation by a written demand signed, dated,
and delivered to the Secretary. Notice of a special meeting shall be given
within thirty days following the date the written demand is delivered to the
Secretary, in accordance with Section 4.4 below. Special meetings may be held
in any manner permitted by law.

## Section 4.4 Notice of Meetings.

Notice of each annual and special meeting of the members and written ballot for
election of directors or otherwise, if any, shall be given to each member at
the last address of record, by first class mail or by any means other than mail
(including electronic mail) at least seven days before the meeting. The notice
shall include the date, time, and place of the meeting or the date on which the
ballot shall be returned if applicable. Notice of each annual and special
meeting shall include a description of any matter or matters that must be
approved by the members pursuant to these Bylaws or applicable law. In the case
of an annual meeting at which directors shall be elected, the notice shall
specify the names of all those who are candidates for election of directors at
the time the notice is given, and in the case of special meetings, the purpose
or purposes for which the meeting is called. Such notice shall be given in
writing to every member of this corporation who, on the record date for notice
of the meeting, is entitled to vote thereat.

## Section 4.5 Adjourned Meetings.

Any members’ meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is present,
may be adjourned by the vote of a majority of the members either present in
person or represented by proxy. No meeting may be adjourned for more than 14
days, annual or special, to another time or place. It shall not be necessary to
give any such notice of the time and place of the adjourned meeting or of the
business to be transacted thereat, other than by an announcement at the meeting
at which such adjournment is taken. If after the adjournment a new record date
is fixed for notice or voting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
to each member who, on the record date for notice of the meeting, is entitled
to vote at the meeting.

## Section 4.6 Proxies.

Every member entitled to vote shall have the right to do so in person or by one
or more agents authorized by a written proxy executed by such person or his
duly authorized agent and filed with the Secretary of this corporation; but no
such proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the
date of its execution, unless the person executing it specifies therein the
length of time for which such proxy is to continue in force. A proxy is
effective when received by the Secretary or other officer or agent authorized
to tabulate votes and must be received prior to the closing of the voting in
order to be effective.

## Section 4.7 Quorum.

The votes represented in person or by proxy at a meeting of members shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Unless otherwise provided
herein, if a quorum is present in person or by proxy then any action approved
by a majority of the members so present shall be the act of the members.

## Section 4.8 Voting.

Each member is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote of the
members of such membership class. Single memberships in which two (2) or more
persons have an indivisible interest shall be treated as provided in Section
65.227(2) of the Act. Voting shall be by voice vote, unless the chair of the
meeting at which such vote takes place directs such voting to be by
ballot. Cumulative voting for the election of directors or otherwise shall not
be authorized.

## Section 4.9 Action by Written Ballot.

Any action that may be taken at any annual, regular or special meeting of
members may be taken without a meeting if this corporation delivers a written
ballot to every member entitled to vote on the matter. Such written ballot
shall (i) set forth the proposed action, (ii) provide an opportunity to specify
approval or disapproval of each proposed action, and (iii) specify a reasonable
time within which to return the ballot to this corporation. Approval by written
ballot shall be valid only when the number of votes cast by ballot within the
time period specified equals or exceeds any quorum required to be present at a
meeting authorizing the action, and the number of approvals equals or exceeds
the number of votes that would be required to approve the matter at a meeting
at which the total number of votes cast was the same as the total number of
votes cast by ballot. Ballots shall be distributed to members at the last
address of record by first class mail or by electronic mail. In any election of
directors by written ballot, the ballot shall name the candidates for
directors, and shall provide a space entitled “withhold” in which a member may
indicate that the authority to vote for the election of directors is
withheld. All ballots distributed in accordance with this Section 4.9 shall
indicate the number of responses needed to meet any quorum requirement and,
with respect to each matter other than the election of directors, state the
percentage of approvals necessary to pass each matter. All written ballots
distributed in accordance with this Section 4.9 shall specify a reasonable time
by which the ballot must be received in order to be counted.

## Section 4.10 Conduct of Meetings

Meetings of members shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board of this
corporation, or in his or her absence, by the Vice Chairman, or in his or her
absence, by the Executive Director, and in the absence of all of them, by the
chair chosen by a majority of the members present. The Secretary of this
corporation shall act as the secretary of all meetings of members, provided
that in his absence the presiding officer shall appoint another member to act
as Acting Secretary of the meeting.  ARTICLE V Board of Directors

## Section 5.1 Powers.

Subject to the limitations of the Articles, the Bylaws, and the Act, and
subject to the duties of directors as prescribed by the Bylaws, all corporate
powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and
affairs of this corporation shall be controlled by, the Board of Directors. The
Board of Directors shall have the power to select and remove all officers,
agents, employees and contractors, and to fix reasonable compensation therefor,
to authorize and empower officers or agents to enter into contracts and other
commitments on behalf of this corporation, and to appoint and delegate
responsibilities and authority to committees, officers and agents.

## Section 5.2 Number of Directors.

The minimum authorized number of directors is ten (10). The number of directors
may be set from time to time by resolution of a majority of directors then in
office.

## Section 5.3 Composition of Board of Directors

Terms. The directors serving on the Board of Directors shall be selected in the
manner set forth in this Section 5.3.

### (a) Platinum Directors

Each Platinum Member, voting individually as a class, shall elect a single
    director, with up to a maximum of ten (10) directors so elected. In the
    event that at any time there shall be more than ten Platinum Members, then
    any person or entity that thereafter becomes a Platinum Member shall become
    entitled, in the order of becoming a Platinum Member, to individually elect
    a director upon:

#### (a)

the resignation or termination of a Platinum Member theretofore entitled to
    elect a director,

#### (b)

notice by a Platinum Member entitled to elect a director that it is waiving its
    right to elect or replace a director, and the resignation or removal of any
    director then serving that had been elected by such member, or

#### (c)

the amendment of these Bylaws to expand the number of Board seats available to
    be filled by Platinum Members. All directors elected by Platinum Members
    shall be known as “Platinum Directors”. Each Platinum Director shall be and
    remain an employee, officer, or director of the Platinum Member that
    elected such director. Each Platinum Director shall be deemed to have been
    duly elected upon receipt by the Chairman of the Board of a written ballot
    delivered to the Chairman of the Board at any time on or after the date
    that a Platinum Member becomes a member in such class of membership in
    accordance with these Bylaws. Upon the termination of the membership of a
    Platinum Member pursuant to Section 3.6 for any reason, then any Platinum
    Director elected by such Platinum Member shall no longer be qualified to
    serve as a Platinum Director and shall be deemed to have immediately
    resigned. Upon termination of a Platinum Director’s relationship as an
    employee, officer, or director of the Platinum Member that elected such
    director, such Platinum Director shall no longer be qualified to serve as a
    Platinum Director and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned.

### (b) Gold Directors

The Gold Members, voting as a class, shall elect three (3) directors or such
    fewer number as equals the total number of Gold Members. Such directors
    shall be known as “Gold Directors”. Each Gold Member shall be entitled to
    nominate a single individual in such election, provided that such nominee
    must be and remain an employee, officer, or director of the nominating Gold
    Member in order to be eligible to serve as a Gold Director. The Gold
    Directors shall be elected at a meeting of the Gold Members, by written
    ballot delivered to the Gold Members, or in some other manner authorized by
    the Act or these Bylaws. Upon the termination of the membership of a Gold
    Member pursuant to Section 3.6 for any reason, then any Gold Director
    nominated by such Gold Member shall no longer be qualified to serve as a
    Gold Director and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned. Upon
    termination of a Gold Director’s relationship as an employee, officer, or
    director of the nominating Gold Member, such Gold Director shall no longer
    be qualified to serve as a Gold Director and shall be deemed to have
    immediately resigned.

### (c) Silver Director.

The Silver Members shall elect one (1) director. Such director shall be known
    as the “Silver Director”. Each Silver Member shall be entitled to nominate
    a single individual in the election for the Silver Director provided,
    however, that in each case such nominee must be and remain an employee,
    officer, or director of the nominating member in order to be eligible to
    serve as a Silver Director. The Silver Director shall be elected at a
    meeting of the Silver Members, by written ballot to the Silver Members, or
    in some other manner authorized by the Act or these Bylaws. Upon the
    termination of the membership of a Silver Member pursuant to Section 3.6
    for any reason, then any Silver Director nominated by such Silver Member
    shall no longer be qualified to serve as a Silver Director and shall be
    deemed to have immediately resigned. Upon termination of a Silver
    Director’s relationship as an employee, officer, or director of the
    nominating Silver Member, such Silver Director shall no longer be qualified
    to serve as a Silver Director and shall be deemed to have immediately
    resigned.

### (d) At-Large Directors.

The Board of Directors may appoint or have elected up to five (5) directors
    known as the “At-Large Directors” or the “Directors At-Large”. The At-Large
    Directors shall have full and complete voting rights and privileges as
    directors. For so long as the Technical Advisory Board (“TAB”) remains
    affiliated with the corporation, the Board shall appoint, with the advice
    of the TAB, a single representative of the TAB to one of the At-Large
    Director seats, and such representative shall be known as the TAB At-Large
    Director. For so long as the corporation has a class of Individual
    Affiliates, such class of Individual Affiliates will have the right to
    appoint two (2) At-Large Directors pursuant to procedures and criteria to
    be determined by resolutions of the Board. All other procedures and
    criteria pursuant to which the At-Large Directors are elected or appointed
    will be established by resolutions of the Board.

### (e) Observers.

Each Platinum, Gold and Silver Director and the TAB At-Large Director shall
    have the right to designate a single observer to attend meetings of the
    Board of Directors when such director is unable to be present, provided
    that such director provides prior notice to the Chairman of the Board and
    the Chairman of the Board approves the request, which request shall not be
    unreasonably denied. An observer permitted to attend shall have the right
    to participate in the general session but may not put forth or vote on any
    motion. Observers shall in no event have the right to attend or participate
    in any executive session attended only by directors.

### (f) Terms and Election Dates.

All directors shall hold office until their respective successors are
    elected. Except for adjustments that the Board shall make from time to time
    to maintain or create staggered terms upon any increase or decrease in the
    authorized number of directors, the term of office for Platinum Directors,
    Gold Directors, and the Silver Director shall be two years; such term of
    office shall run from February 1 to January 31 of the second calendar year
    after election. The Board shall make provisions to stagger the terms of the
    Gold Directors and the Silver Director so that each year the terms of as
    close as possible to one-half of such directors shall expire. The term of
    office for the At-Large Directors shall be one year; such term of office
    shall run from date of appointment or election to the last day of February
    of the following calendar year. There shall be no prohibition on
    re-election or re-designation of any director following the completion of
    that director’s term of office. Elections of directors whose terms are
    expiring in any calendar year other than the At-Large Directors shall be
    held as soon as practicable following the commencement of the membership
    year. Unless elected by written ballot pursuant to Section 4.9, the
    positions of directors then expiring shall be filled and elections held at
    the annual meeting of members called for such purpose. Procedures governing
    elections of directors may be established pursuant to resolutions of the
    Board of Directors provided that such resolutions are consistent with these
    Bylaws and the Articles. The election or appointment of the At-Large
    Directors shall be held each year promptly following the election of the
    Platinum Directors, the Gold Directors, and the Silver Director, and shall
    be concluded as provided by resolution of the Board.

### (g) Restrictions on Eligibility to Serve as a Director

Control Groups. No more than two (2) individuals employed by or performing
    monetarily compensated services for, a Control Group (as defined below)
    shall be permitted to serve as directors of this corporation at the same
    time. In addition, no more than one (1) individual employed by, or
    performing monetarily compensated services for a Control Group may serve as
    a director from the same membership class at any given time. For purposes
    of this section, “Control” shall mean

#### (i)

the ownership of more than 50% of the total voting securities of another
    entity, or

#### (ii)

in the case of unincorporated entities “Control” shall mean the ownership of
    more than 50% of the ownership interest representing the right to make
    decisions for the entity; and “Control Group” shall include all
    corporations or other entities which are Controlled by a Platinum Member, a
    Gold Member, or a Silver Member, which Control a Platinum Member, a Gold
    Member, or a Silver Member, or which are also Controlled by this
    corporation or entity Controlling a Platinum Member, a Gold Member, or a
    Silver Member.

## Section 5.4 Vacancies.

Vacancies in the Board of Directors

### (a)

by reason of the expiration of a director's term (other than an At-Large
Director) shall be filled in an election by a majority of a quorum of members
in the class that elected such director,

### (b)

of a Platinum Director due to the resignation of such director or removal of
such director by the Platinum Member that elected such director, shall be
filled by election by such Platinum Member,

### (c)

of a Gold Director due to the resignation of such director or removal of such
director by the Gold Members shall be filled by election of a majority of a
quorum of Gold Members,

### (d)

of a Silver Director due to the resignation of such director or removal of such
director by the Silver Members shall be filled by election of a majority of a
quorum of Silver Members, and

### (e)

of an At-Large Director, shall be filled by vote of a majority of directors
then in office. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may
appoint an interim director to fill any Gold Director or Silver Director
vacancy occurring as a result of the amendment of these Bylaws to expand the
number of directors representing such class until such time as a successor is
elected by the members of the appropriate class(es); provided, however, that
any such interim director must be an employee, officer, or director of a member
in the appropriate membership class. Each director elected shall hold office
until his or her successor is elected. A vacancy or vacancies shall be deemed
to exist

### (i)

in the case of the death or the resignation or removal of any director pursuant
to this Article IV,

### (ii)

if the authorized number of directors is increased without election of the
additional directors so provided for,

### (iii)

in the case of failure at any time to elect the full number of authorized
directors,

### (iv)

automatically, upon the failure of a director to attend three (3) consecutive
regularly scheduled Board meetings, or

### (v)

as provided in the last sentence of this Section 5.4. If an At-Large Director
tenders his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, then the Board shall
have the power to elect a successor to take office at such time as the
resignation shall become effective. No reduction in the number of directors
shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration or other
termination of his term of office. Notwithstanding anything else to the
contrary in these Bylaws, at no time shall the number of At-Large Directors be
equal to or greater than the aggregate number of Platinum, Gold and Silver
Directors. If at any time an event or events shall occur that results in such a
state of affairs, then notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in these
Bylaws a majority of the Platinum, Gold and Silver Directors then in office
shall elect such additional directors as shall be necessary to cause the
aggregate number of directors other than the At-Large Directors to be greater
than the number of At-Large Directors, provided, however, that each such
additional director must be and remain an employee, officer, or director of a
Platinum, Gold or Silver Member in order to be eligible to serve as a director,
and upon termination of such relationship, for any reason, such additional
director shall no longer be qualified to serve as a director and shall be
deemed to have immediately resigned.

## Section 5.5 Place of Meetings.

All meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place within or
without the State of Oregon, which has been designated from time to time by
resolution of the Board or by the written notice of the Chairman of the Board.

## Section 5.6 Regular Meetings

Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such intervals as
may from time to time be approved by the Board of Directors.

## Section 5.7 Special Meetings

Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be
called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or by twenty percent (20%) or
more of the directors then in office.

## Section 5.8 Notice of Meetings

Attendance. Regular scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors may be held
without notice of the date, time or purpose of the meeting. Notice of the time
and place of each meeting of the Board of Directors not fixed by an express
provision of the Bylaws or by a standing resolution of the Board of Directors
shall be given to each director not less than two (2) days before the date of
the meeting. Such notice may be given personally or by telephone, telegraph,
facsimile, electronic mail, or first-class mail.

## Section 5.9 Action without Meeting.

Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors under
any provision of the Act may be taken without a meeting if all members of the
Board shall individually or collectively consent in writing to such action. The
action shall be evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action
taken, signed by each director, and included in the minutes or filed with the
corporate records reflecting the action taken. Action taken hereunder is
effective when the last director signs the consent, unless the consent
specifies an earlier or later effective date. A consent signed hereunder has
the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any document.

## Section 5.10 Telephonic Meetings

The Board of Directors may permit any or all directors to participate in a
regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through, use of any means
of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear
each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this
means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

## Section 5.11 Quorum

Unless otherwise provided herein, fifty-percent of the directors then in office
(but in no case fewer than one-third of the fixed or prescribed number of
directors provided for in these Bylaws) shall be necessary to constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business except adjourn. Every act or decision
done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at
which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board of
Directors unless a greater number is required by law, or by the Articles, or by
these Bylaws.

## Section 5.12 Fees and Compensation

Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for
their services and such reimbursement for expenses as may be fixed or
determined by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided that such
compensation shall be reasonable and shall be comparable to that compensation
paid by unaffiliated entities for a like position. Nothing herein shall be
considered to preclude any director from serving this corporation in any other
capacity, including as an officer, agent, employee, consultant or otherwise,
and receiving reasonable compensation therefor.

## Section 5.13 Indemnity

The corporation shall indemnify its directors to the fullest extent allowed by
Sections 65.391 through 65.397 of the Act.

## Section 5.14 Standard of Conduct

Pursuant to Section 65.357 of the Act, a director shall discharge the duties of
a director, including duties as a member of any committee of the Board upon
which the director may serve, in good faith, with the care an ordinarily
prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances,
and in a manner the director reasonably believes to be in the best interests of
the corporation. In discharging the duties of a director, a director shall be
entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports or statements, including
financial statements and other financial data, in each case if prepared or
presented by:

### (a) one or more officers or employees of this corporation whom the director
reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented; (b)
legal counsel, public accountants or other persons as to matters the director
reasonably believes are within the person’s professional or expert competence;
or (c) a committee of the Board of which the director is not a member, as to
matters within the committee’s jurisdiction, if the director reasonably
believes the committee merits confidence. A director is not acting in good
faith if the director has knowledge concerning the matter in question that
makes reliance otherwise permitted in this Section 5.14 unwarranted. A director
is not liable to the corporation, any member or any other person for any action
taken or not taken as a director, if the director acted in compliance with this
Section 5.14. The liability of a director for monetary damages to the
corporation and its members shall be eliminated to the fullest extent provided
by Section 65.047(2)(c) of the Act.

## Section 5.15 Conflict of Interest Transactions.

### (a) Conflict of Interest.

As used in this section, a “conflict of interest transaction” is a transaction
with the corporation in which a director of the corporation has a direct or
indirect interest. A director has an indirect interest in a transaction if
another entity in which the director has a material interest or in which the
director is a general partner is a party to the transaction, or if another
entity of which the director is a director, officer or trustee is a party to
the transaction and the transaction is or should be considered by the board of
directors of the corporation.  (b) Approval. A conflict of interest transaction
is not voidable or the basis for imposing liability on the director if the
transaction is fair to the corporation at the time it was entered into or is
approved either

#### (I)

in advance by the vote of the board of directors or a committee of the board of
directors if the material facts of the transaction and the director’s interest
were disclosed or known to the board of directors or a committee of the board
of directors, or

#### (II)

if the material facts of the transactions and the director’s interest were
disclosed or known to the members and they authorized, approved or ratified the
transaction. A conflict of interest transaction is so authorized, approved or
ratified as follows:

### (i)

By Directors. By the directors, if it receives the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors on the board of directors or on
the committee who have no direct or indirect interest in the transaction;
provided that a transaction may not be so authorized, approved or ratified by a
single director. If a majority of the directors who have no direct or indirect
interest in the transaction votes to authorize, approve or ratify the
transaction, a quorum is present for the purpose of taking such action. The
presence of, or a vote cast by, a director with a direct or indirect interest
in the transaction does not affect the validity of any action so taken
hereunder if the transaction is otherwise approved as permitted under Section
65.361 of the Act.

### (ii)

By Members. By the members, if it receives a majority
of the votes entitled to be counted. Votes cast by or voted under the control
of a director who has a direct or indirect interest in the transaction, and
votes cast by or voted under the control of an entity described in subsection
(4) of Section 65.361 of the Act may be counted in a vote of members to
determine whether to authorize, approve or ratify a conflict of interest
transaction hereunder. A majority of the members, whether or not present, that
are entitled to be counted in a vote on the transaction hereunder constitutes a
quorum for the purpose of taking action hereunder.

## Section 5.16 Resignation and Removal.

### (a) Resignation.

Any director may resign at any time by giving written
notice to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, or the
Secretary of this corporation. A resignation is effective when the notice
is effective under Section 65.034 of the Act, unless the notice specifies a
later effective date. Once delivered, a notice of resignation is
irrevocable unless permitted to be withdrawn by the Board of Directors
prior to its effectiveness.

### (b) Removal for Cause.

The members may remove for cause, at a meeting called for that purpose, any
director elected by the members who has been declared of unsound mind by a
final order of court, or convicted of a felony, or found by a final order or
judgment to have breached any duty arising under these Bylaws, the Articles or
Section 65.357 of the Act. Only the members of the class that elected such
director may vote to remove such director, and the director may be removed only
if the number of votes cast to remove the director would be sufficient to elect
the director at a meeting to elect such director. An At-Large Director may be
removed with cause by the affirmative vote of two-thirds (2/3) of the directors
then in office.  (c) Removal without Cause. Any director except an At-Large
Director may be removed without cause at a meeting called for that purpose by
the members of the class that elected such director. Such director may be
removed hereunder only if the number of votes cast to remove the director would
be sufficient to elect the director at a meeting to elect such director. An
At-Large Director may be removed without cause by the affirmative vote of
two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then in office.

## Section 5.17 Advisory Board

The Board of Directors may, by resolution, establish a board of advisors (the
“Advisory Board”) to be comprised of one or more individuals chosen by the
Board of Directors at its sole discretion. The Board of Directors shall not be
bound by any advice or decision of the Advisory Board. The members of the
Advisory Board shall not have the rights or privileges of directors or members
as set forth in the Act and shall have no power or authority over the operation
of this corporation. A member of the Advisory Board may be removed at any time
by the Board of Directors with or without cause.  ARTICLE VI Officers

## Section 6.1 Officers.

The officers of this corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, Vice
Chairman, Executive Director, Treasurer, Secretary and such other officers as
the Board of Directors may appoint. One person may hold two or more offices.

## Section 6.2 Nomination and Election.

The officers of this corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of
Directors in accordance with this Article 6. Each officer shall hold his or her
office until he or she shall resign or shall be removed or his or her successor
shall be elected and qualified. Elections of officers shall be held promptly
following the election of directors each year. All officers other than the
Executive Director must be directors of this corporation, and all directors may
nominate candidates for officers of this corporation. All directors then in
office may vote on candidates for such offices. Such offices shall be filled in
an election upon the vote of a majority of directors then in office. Each
officer’s term of office shall be one year. There shall be no prohibition on
re-election of an officer following the completion of that officer’s term of
office. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, establish procedures
governing nomination and election of officers that are consistent with these
Bylaws.

## Section 6.3 Removal and Resignation.

### (a) Removal.

Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by
the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting thereof.

### (b) Resignation.

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to
the Board of Directors, or to any officer of this corporation. Any such
resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or
at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise specified
therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make
it effective. Such resignation shall not prejudice the rights of this
corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. Once
delivered, a notice of resignation is irrevocable unless otherwise
permitted to be withdrawn by the Board of Directors prior to being
effective.

## Section 6.4 Vacancies.

A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification, or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed
in the Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.

## Section 6.5 Chairman of the Board.

The Chairman of the Board shall be the chief officer of the corporation. The
Chairman of the Board shall serve as an ex-officio voting member of all
committees, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be designated
from time to time by the Board of Directors. The then-serving Chairman of the
Board shall have the authority to cast a tie-breaking vote in the election of
any directors or officers other than Chairman of the Board.

## Section 6.6 Vice Chairman.

The Vice Chairman shall perform all of the duties of the Chairman of the Board
and in so acting shall have all of the powers of the Chairman of the Board in
the event of the absence, death, removal, resignation or incapacity of the
Chairman of the Board. The then-serving Vice Chairman shall have the authority
to cast a tie-breaking vote in the election of the Chairman of the Board. A
candidate for the office of the Vice Chairman must be a director of this
corporation in order to be eligible to run for election. The Vice Chairman
shall have such other powers and duties as may be designated from time to time
by the Board of Directors.

## Section 6.7 Executive Director.

Subject to the supervision and control of, and reporting to, the Board of
Directors, the Executive Director shall have general supervision, direction and
control of the business and affairs of this corporation. The Executive Director
shall from time to time report to the Board of Directors and the Chairman of
the Board all matters within the Executive Director’s knowledge affecting the
corporation that should be brought to the attention of the Board of
Directors. A candidate for the office of Executive Director must not be an
employee, officer or director of a member or a Control Group. The Executive
Director shall have such other powers and duties as may be designated from time
to time by the Board of Directors.

## Section 6.8 Treasurer.

The Treasurer shall have overall responsibility for all corporate funds, and
shall perform, or cause to be performed, the following:

### (a)

keeping of full and accurate accounts of all financial records of the
corporation;

### (b)

deposit of all monies and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of
Directors;

### (c)

disbursement of all funds when proper to do so;

### (d)

making financial reports as to the financial condition of the corporation to
the Board of Directors; and

### (e)

such other powers and duties as may be designated from time to time by the
Board of Directors. A candidate for the office of the Treasurer must be a
director of this corporation in order to be eligible to run for election.

## Section 6.9 Secretary.

The Secretary shall have overall responsibility for all recordkeeping. The
Secretary shall perform, or cause to be performed, the following:

### (a)

official recording of the minutes of all proceedings of the Board of Directors,
including the committees thereof, and members’ meeting and actions;

### (b)

provision for notice of all meetings of the Board of Directors and members;

### (c)

authentication of the records of the corporation;

### (d)

maintaining current and accurate membership lists; and

### (e)

any such other powers and duties as may be
designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. A candidate for the
office of the Secretary must be a director of this corporation in order to be
eligible to run for election.

## Section 6.10 Standards of Conduct for Officers.

Pursuant to Section 65.377 of the Act, an officer shall discharge the officer’s
duties, in good faith, with the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like
position would exercise under similar circumstances, and in a manner the
officer reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation. In
discharging the duties of an officer, an officer shall be entitled to rely on
information, opinions, reports or statements, including financial statements
and other financial data, in each case if prepared or presented by:

### (a)

one or more officers or employees of this corporation whom the officer reasonably
believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented; or

### (b)

legal counsel, public accountants or other persons as to matters the officer
reasonably believes are within the person’s professional or expert
competence. An officer is not acting in good faith if the officer has knowledge
concerning the matter in question that makes reliance otherwise permitted in
this Section 6.10 unwarranted. An officer is not liable to the corporation, any
member or any other person for any action taken or not taken as an officer, if
the officer acted in compliance with this Section 6.10. The liability of an
officer for monetary damages to the corporation and its members shall be
eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by Section 65.047(2)(c) of the Act.

## Section 6.11 Indemnity.

The corporation shall indemnify its officers to the fullest extent allowed by
Section 65.407 of the Act.  ARTICLE VII Committees

## Section 7.1 Appointment of Committees.

The Board of Directors may appoint such committees as the Board from time to
time deems necessary or appropriate to conduct the business and further the
objectives of this corporation. The appointment by the Board of any committee
having the authority of the Board shall be by resolution adopted by a majority
of directors then in office. Any committee having authority of the Board shall
consist of two (2) or more directors who serve at the pleasure of the
Board. The Board of Directors shall retain the right to limit the powers and
duties of any committee that it has created and to disband any such committees
in its sole discretion.

## Section 7.2 Powers and Authority of Committees.

The Board of Directors may delegate to any committee having the authority of
the Board, any of the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the
management of the business and affairs of this corporation; provided, however,
that no committee may:

### (a)

authorize distributions;

### (b)

approve or recommend to members dissolution, merger or the sale, pledge or transfer of all or
substantially all of this corporation’s assets;

### (c)

elect, appoint, or remove
directors or fill vacancies on the board or on any of its committees; or

### (d)

adopt, amend or repeal the Articles, the Bylaws, or any resolution of the Board
of Directors.  ARTICLE VIII Miscellaneous

## Section 8.1 Fiscal Year.

The fiscal year of this corporation shall end on the last day of December of
each year.

## Section 8.2 Inspection of Corporate Records.

A member’s right to inspect and copy records of the corporation shall be as
provided in and subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 65.774 and
65.777 of the Act.

## Section 8.3 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations.

The Board of Directors is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf
of this corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or other
membership interests of any other corporation or organizations standing in the
name of this corporation. The Board of Directors, pursuant to resolutions, may
delegate this authority to one or more officers of the corporation, and may be
exercised in person by such officer or by other persons authorized to do so by
proxy duly executed by such officer.

## Section 8.4 Checks, Drafts, Etc.

All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other
evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of or payable to this corporation
and any and all securities owned by or held by this corporation requiring
signature for transfer shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons
and in such manner as from time to time shall be determined by the Board of
Directors.

## Section 8.5 Execution of Contracts.

The Board of Directors may authorize any officer, employee, or agent to enter
into any contract or execute any contract or execute any instrument in the name
of and on behalf of this corporation and such authority may be general or
confirmed to specific instances. Unless so authorized by the Board of
Directors, no officer, agent, or employee shall have any power or authority to
bind this corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or
to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount; provided, however, that
any such contract or instrument between this corporation and any third person,
when signed by

### (i)

the Chairman of the Board or Vice Chairman, and

### (ii)

the
Secretary or Treasurer of this corporation, shall be valid and binding upon
this corporation in the absence of actual knowledge on the part of said third
person that the signing officers had no authority to execute the same.

## Section 8.6 Corporate Loans, Guarantees and Advances.

This corporation shall not make any advances or make any loan of money or
property to or guarantee the obligation of any director or officer.

## Section 8.7 Maintenance of Records.

This corporation shall maintain corporate records as required by Sections
65.771 and 65.774 of the Act.

## Section 8.8 Political Activities.

This corporation shall not make any political expenditure or lobbying
expenditure which will result in the loss of, or otherwise adversely affect,
its status as a tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.

## Section 8.9 Form of Written Ballots.

Ballots submitted in facsimile or electronic form shall be considered
acceptable substitutes for printed ballots for all purposes. ARTICLE
IX Effective Date, Amendments and Dissolution Section 9.1 Effective Date. These
Bylaws shall become effective immediately upon their adoption. Amendments to
these Bylaws shall become effective immediately upon their adoption unless the
Board of Directors of this corporation in adopting them provide that they are
to become effective at a later date. Section 9.2 Bylaw Amendments. To the
fullest extent permitted by the Act, the authority to make, alter, amend or
repeal these Bylaws is vested exclusively in the Board of Directors and may be
exercised upon approval of a majority of directors then in office without the
vote or consent of any member(s) or third parties. Section 9.3
Dissolution. This corporation may be dissolved upon the approval of a majority
of the directors then in office without the vote or consent of any member(s) or
third parties. Any distribution of the assets of this corporation shall be made
in a manner consistent with the tax status of this corporation at the time of
such dissolution.  ARTICLE IX Effective Date, Amendments and Dissolution

## Section 9.1 Effective Date.

These Bylaws shall become effective immediately upon their adoption. Amendments
to these Bylaws shall become effective immediately upon their adoption unless
the Board of Directors of this corporation in adopting them provide that they
are to become effective at a later date.  Section 9.2 Bylaw Amendments. To the
fullest extent permitted by the Act, the authority to make, alter, amend or
repeal these Bylaws is vested exclusively in the Board of Directors and may be
exercised upon approval of a majority of directors then in office without the
vote or consent of any member(s) or third parties.  Section 9.3
Dissolution. This corporation may be dissolved upon the approval of a majority
of the directors then in office without the vote or consent of any member(s) or
third parties. Any distribution of the assets of this corporation shall be made
in a manner consistent with the tax status of this corporation at the time of
such dissolution.  Schedule A

## Membership Dues Schedule (effective May 14, 2008)

Members Annual Membership Dues*

* Platinum US$ 500,000
* Gold US$ 100,000
* Silver US$ 20,000 (employee size greater than 5,000)
* US$ 15,000 (employee size between 500 and 4,999)
* US$ 10,000 (employee size between 100 and 499)
* US$ 5,000 (employee size <100)

*As used above, "employees" refers to the number of employees and consultants
 that a Silver Member has as of the date of its initial application, in the
 case of a new member, and as of December 31, in the case of a renewing member.
