#Memorandum and Articles of Association for Open Knowledge Foundation

THE COMPANIES ACTS 1985 TO 1989 COMPANY LIMITED BY GUARANTEE AND NOT HAVING A
SHARE CAPITAL MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF

Open Knowledge Foundation

## 1.

The name of the Company is Open Knowledge Foundation.

## 2.

The registered office of the Company will be situated in England and Wales.

## 3.

The objects for which the Company is established are:-

### (a)

To promote the openness of all forms of knowledge where knowledge is taken to
include information, data and all other synonymous terms.

### (b)

In particular

#### 1)

To promote freedom of access, creation and dissemination of knowledge.

#### 2)

To develop, support and promote projects, communities and tools that foster and
facilitate the creation, access to and dissemination of knowledge.

#### 3)

To campaign against restrictions both legal and non-legal on the creation,
access to and dissemination of knowledge.

### (c)

And, in pursuant of the above objects:

#### (1)

To carry on any other trade or business whatsoever which can, in the opinion of
the Company, be advantageously carried on by the Company in connection with or
ancillary to any of the general business of the Company or is calculated
directly to benefit the Company or enhance the value of or render profitable
any of the Company's property or rights or is required by any customers of or
persons dealing with the Company.

#### (2)

To purchase or by any other means acquire and take options over any property
whatever, and any rights or privileges of any kind over or in respect of any
property.

#### (3)

To improve, manage, construct, repair, develop, exchange, let on lease or
otherwise, mortgage, charge, sell, dispose of, turn to account, grant licences,
options, rights and privileges in respect of, or otherwise deal with all or any
part of the property and rights of the Company.

#### (4)

To invest and deal with the moneys of the Company not immediately required in
such manner as may from time to time be determined and to hold or otherwise
deal with any investments made.

#### (5)

To lend and advance money or give credit on such terms as may seem expedient
and with or without security to customers and others, to enter into guarantees,
contracts of indemnity and suretyships of all kinds to receive money on deposit
or loan upon such terms as the Company may approve and to secure or guarantee
the payment of any sums of money or the performance of any obligation by any
company, firm or person included any holding company, subsidiary or fellow
subsidiary company in any manner.

#### (6)

To borrow and raise money in such manner as the Company shall think fit and to
secure the repayment of any money borrowed, raised or owing by mortgage,
charge, standard security, lien or other security upon the whole or any part of
the Company's property or assets (whether present or future) and also by a
similar mortgage, charge, standard security, lien or security to secure and
guarantee the performance by the Company of any obligation or liability it may
undertake or which may become binding on it.

#### (7)

To draw, make, accept, endorse, discount, negotiate, execute and issue cheques,
bills of exchange, promissory notes, bills of lading, warrants, debentures, and
other negotiable or transferable instruments.

#### (8)

To enter into any arrangements with any government or authority (supreme,
municipal, local, or otherwise) that may seem conducive to the attainment of
the Company's objects or any of them, and to obtain from any such government or
authority any charters, decrees, rights, privileges or concessions which the
Company may think desirable and to carry out, exercise, and comply with any
such charters, decrees, rights, privileges, and concessions.

#### (9)

To pay all or any expenses incurred in connection with the promotion, formation
and incorporation of the Company, or to contract with any person, firm or
company to pay the same.

#### (10)

To give or award pensions, annuities, gratuities, and superannuation or other
allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages,
facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of, or
who are to have been employed by, or who are serving or have served the
Company, and to the wives, widows, children and other relatives and dependents
of such persons; to make payments towards insurance; and to set up, establish,
support and maintain superannuation and other funds or schemes (whether
contributory or non-contributory) for the benefit of any such persons and of
their wives, widows, children and other relatives and dependents.

#### (11)

To do all or any of the things or matters aforesaid in any part of the world
and either as principals, agents, contractors or otherwise, and by or through
agents, brokers, sub-contractors or otherwise and either alone or in
conjunction with others.

#### (12)

To do all such other things as may be deemed incidental or conducive to the
attainment of the Company's objects or any of them. In carrying out the
aforesaid objects the Company shall have regard to promoting the physical,
mental and spiritual well being of the community. The objects set forth in each
sub-clause of this Clause shall not be restrictively construed but the widest
interpretation shall be given thereto, and they shall not, except where the
context expressly so requires, be in any way limited or restricted by reference
to or inference from any other object or objects set forth in each sub-clause
or from the name of the Company. None of each sub-clauses or the object or
objects therein specified or the powers thereby conferred shall be deemed
subsidiary or ancillary to the objects or powers mentioned in any other
sub-clause, but the Company shall have as full a power to exercise all or any
of the objects conferred by and provided in each of the said sub-clauses as if
each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company. The word "company"
in this Clause, except where used in reference to the Company, shall be deemed
to include any partnership or other body of persons, whether incorporated or
unincorporated and whether domiciled in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

### 4.

The income and property of the Company shall be applied solely towards the
promotion of its objects as set forth in this Memorandum of Association and no
portion thereof shall be paid or transferred, directly or indirectly, by way of
dividend, bonus or otherwise howsoever by way of profit, to Members of the
Company, provided that nothing herein shall prevent any payment in good faith
by the Company:

#### (a)

of reasonable and proper remuneration to any Member, officer or servant of the
Company for any services rendered to the Company;

#### (b)

of any interest on money lent by any Member of the Company or any Director at a
reasonable and proper rate;

#### (c)

of reasonable and proper rent for premises demised or let by any Member of the
Company or any Director; and

#### (d)

to any Director of out-of-pocket expenses.

###5.

The liability of the Members is limited.

###6.

Every Member of the Company undertakes to contribute to the assets of the
Company in the event of its being wound up while he is a Member or within one
year afterwards for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company
contracted before he ceases to be a Member and the costs, charges and expenses
of winding up and for the adjustment of the rights of contributories among
themselves such amount as may be required not exceeding Â£1.

###7.

If upon the winding up or dissolution of the Company there remains, after the
satisfaction of all its debts and liabilities, any property whatsoever, the
same shall not be paid or distributed among the members of the Company, but
shall be given or transferred to some other institution (charitable or
otherwise) having objects similar to the objects of the Company and which shall
prohibit the distribution of its or their income to its or their members. Such
institutions to be determined by the members of the Company at or before the
time of dissolution.

# ACT

THE COMPANIES ACTS 1985 TO 1989 COMPANY LIMITED BY GUARANTEE AND NOT HAVING A
SHARE CAPITAL ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF Open Knowledge Foundation
PRELIMINARY

## 1.

Regulations 2 to 35 inclusive, 54, 55, 57, 59, 102 to 108 inclusive, 110, 114,
116 and 117 of Table A in the Schedule to the Companies (Tables A to F)
Regulations 1985 as amended by the Companies (Tables A to F)(Amendment)
Regulations 1985 and The Companies Act 1985 (Electronic Communications) Order
2000 (such Table being hereinafter called "Table A"), shall not apply to the
Company but the Articles hereinafter contained and, subject to the
modifications hereinafter expressed, the remaining regulations of Table A shall
constitute the Articles of Association of the company.

# INTERPRETATION

## 2.

In regulation 1 of Table A the definition of "the holder" shall be omitted.

Expressions referring to writing shall, unless the contrary intention appears,
be construed as including references to printing, lithography, photography and
other modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form. It shall
also include reference to digital methods of representation and reproduction
including email.

Unless the context otherwise requires words or expressions contained in these
Articles shall bear the same meaning as in the Act or any statutory
modification thereof in force at the date at which these Articles become
binding on the Company.

Any reference herein to the provisions of any Act shall extend to and include
any amendment or re-enactment of or substitution for the same effected by any
subsequent Statute.

# MEMBERSHIP

## 3.

The number of Members of the Company shall be unlimited and the Directors may
from time to time determine such classes of membership as the Directors shall
see fit providing that the classification of such membership if designed to
further the aims and objects of the Company.  The subscribers to the Memorandum
of Association and such other persons as are admitted to membership in
accordance with the articles shall be Members of the Company. No person shall
be admitted a Member of the Company unless he is approved by the
Directors. Every person who wishes to become a Member shall deliver to the
Company an application for membership in such form as the Directors require
executed by him.  Any corporation which is a Member of the Company may by
resolution of its directors or other governing body:-

### (1)

authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any
meeting of the Company provided that the corporation gives notice of such
authorisation in writing to the Secretary of the Company, and

### (2)

at any time by giving notice to the Secretary of the Company revoke the
authority of its representative and authorise another representative in his
place.

The person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on
behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could
exercise if it were an individual Member of the Company.

###4.

A Member may at any time withdraw from the Company by giving at least seven
clear days notice to the Company. Membership shall not be transferable and
shall cease on death.

# GENERAL MEETINGS

### 5.

The Company shall hold a General Meeting every year as its Annual General
Meeting in addition to any other meetings in that year and shall specify the
meeting as such in the notices calling it; and not more than fifteen months
shall elapse between the date of one Annual General Meeting of the Company and
that of the next. Provided that so long as the Company holds its first Annual
General Meeting within eighteen months of its incorporation, it need not hold
it in the year of its incorporation or in the following year. The Annual
General Meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall
appoint.

### 6.

All General Meetings other than Annual General Meetings shall be called
Extraordinary General Meetings.


### 7.

The Directors may whenever they think fit, convene an Extraordinary General
Meeting and Extraordinary General Meetings shall also be convened on such
requisition or, in default, may be convened by such requisitionists, as
provided by Section 368 of the Act. If at any time there are not within the
United Kingdom sufficient Directors capable of acting to form a quorum, any
Director or any two Members of the Company may convene an Extraordinary Meeting
in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be
convened by the Directors.

# NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING

###8.

An Annual General Meeting and a meeting called for the passing of a Special
Resolution shall be called by twenty-one days notice at the least, and a
meeting of the Company other than an Annual General Meeting or a meeting for
the passing of a Special Resolution shall be called by fourteen days notice at
the least. The notice shall be exclusive of the day on which it is served or
deemed to be served and of the day for which it is given and shall specify the
place, the day and the hour of meeting and, in case of special business, the
general nature of that business and shall be given, in manner hereinafter
mentioned, or in such other manner, if any, as may be prescribed by the Company
in General Meeting, to such persons who are, under the Articles of the Company,
entitled to receive such notices from the Company.

Provided that a meeting of the Company shall, notwithstanding that it is called
by shorter notice than that specified in this Article, be deemed to have been
duly called if it is so agreed:-

#### (a)

in the case of a meeting called as the Annual General Meeting by all
the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

#### (b)

in the case of any other meetings by a majority in number of the
Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, being a majority
together representing not less than 95 per cent of the total voting rights at
that meeting of all the Members.

### 9.

The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to, or the non-receipt of
the notice of meeting by, any person entitled to receive notice shall not
invalidate proceedings at that meeting.

# PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

### 10.

All business shall be deemed special that is transacted at an Extraordinary
General Meeting, and also all that is transacted at an Annual General Meeting,
with the exception of the consideration of the accounts, balance sheets, and
the reports of the Directors and Auditors, the election of Directors in the
place of those retiring and the appointment of, and the fixing of the
remuneration, of the Auditors.

### 11.

No business shall be transacted at any General Meeting unless a quorum of the
Members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business; save as
herein otherwise provided, two Members present in person or by proxy shall be a
quorum.

### 12.

If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not
present, the meeting, if convened upon the requisition of Members, shall be
dissolved; in any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the
next week, at the same time and place, or to such other day and at such other
time and place as the Directors may determine and if at the adjourned meeting a
quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting the Members present shall be a quorum.

### 13.

The Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors shall preside as chairman at
every General Meeting of the Company, or if there is no Chairman for the time
being, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time
appointed for the holding of the meeting or is unwilling to act, the Members
present shall elect some other Director to be chairman of the meeting. If at
any meeting no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is
present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting
the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the
meeting.

### 14.

The Chairman may, with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum is present
(and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to
time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any
adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from
which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is adjourned for thirty days
or more notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an
original meeting. Save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any
notice of an adjournment of the business to be transacted at an adjourned
meeting.

### 15.

At any General Meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be
decided on a show of hands, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of
the result of the show of hands) demanded:-

#### (a)

by the Chairman; or

#### (b)

by at least two Members present in person or by proxy; or

#### (c)

by any Member or Members present in person or by proxy and representing not
less than one tenth of the total voting rights of all the Members having the
right to vote at the meeting.

Unless a poll be so demanded a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution
has on a show of hands been carried or carried unanimously or by a particular
majority or lost and an entry to that effect in the book containing the minutes
of proceedings of the Company shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without
proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour or against
such resolution. The demand for a poll may be withdrawn.

### 16.

Except as provided in Article 18 if a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken
in such manner as the chairman directs, and the results of the poll shall be
deemed to be a resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded.

### 17.

In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll,
the chairman of the meeting at which the show of hands takes place or at which
the poll is demanded, shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

### 18.

A poll demanded on the election of a chairman, or on a question of adjournment
shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken
at such time as the chairman of the meeting directs, and any business other
than that upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with pending the
taking of the poll.

### 19.

Subject to the provisions of the Act, a resolution in writing signed by all the
Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote
at General Meetings shall be as valid and effective as if the same had been
passed at a General Meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

# VOTES OF MEMBERS

### 20.

Subject as herein otherwise provided, every Member present in person or by
proxy shall have one vote.

### 21.

No Member shall be entitled to vote at any General Meeting unless all monies
presently payable by him to the Company have been paid.

### 22.

On a show of hands or on a poll, votes may be given either personally or by
proxy. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to
demand or join in demanding a poll.

### 23.

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the
appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing.  A proxy need not be a
Member of the Company.

### 24.

The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other authority,
if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy of that power
or authority shall be deposited at the registered office of the company or at
such other place within the United Kingdom as is specified for that purpose in
the notice convening the meeting, not less than forty-eight hours before the
time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in
the instrument proposes to vote, or in the case of a poll, not less than
twenty-four hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll and in
default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.

### 25.

An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form or a form as
near thereto as circumstances admit:

"..............................................."

I(We)....................of.........................in the County
of......................being a member (members) of the above named Company
hereby appoint.............................................on my (our) behalf
at the (Annual or Extraordinary, or Adjourned, as the case may be) General
Meeting, and at any adjournment thereof.

Signed this..............day of............20......

### 26.

Where it is desired to afford members an opportunity of voting for or against a
resolution the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form or
a form as near thereto as circumstances admit:

"..............................................."

I(We)....................of.........................in the County
of......................being a member (members) of the above named Company
hereby appoint...........................................on my (our) behalf at
the (Annual or Extraordinary, or Adjourned, as the case may be) General
Meeting, of the Company to be held on the..........day of................and at
any adjournment thereof.

Signed............................this...........day
of.................20.......

This form is to be used in \*favour of/against the resolution.

Unless otherwise instructed the proxy will vote as he thinks fit.

\*Strike out whichever is not desired.

### 27.

The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand
or join in demanding a poll.

### 28.

A vote given in accordance with the terms of any instrument of proxy shall be
valid notwithstanding the previous death of the principal or revocation of the
proxy, provided that no intimation in writing of such death or revocation shall
have been received by the Company at its registered office before the
commencement of the meeting or an adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.

# DIRECTORS

### 29.

Until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, there shall be no
maximum number of Directors and the minimum number of Directors shall be one.

### 30.

The first Directors shall be the persons named in the Statement delivered under
Section 10 of the Act.

### 31.

The Directors may from time to time and at any time appoint any Member of the
Company as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional
Director. Any Director so appointed shall retain his office only until the next
Annual General Meeting and shall then be eligible for re-election.

### 32.

No person who is not a Member of the Company shall in any circumstances be
eligible to hold office as a Director.

# BORROWING

### 33.

The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to
mortgage or charge its property, or any part thereof, and to issue debentures,
debenture stock and other securities, whether outright or as security for any
debt liability or obligation of the Company.

# POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE DIRECTORS

### 34.

The business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise
all such powers of the Company as are not by the Act or other legislation
applicable to the Company or by these Articles, required to be exercised by the
Company in General Meeting, subject nevertheless to the provisions of the Act,
such other legislation or these Articles and to such regulations, being not
inconsistent with the aforesaid provisions, as may be prescribed by the Company
in General Meeting; but no regulation made by the Company in General Meeting
shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if
that regulation had not been made.

### 35.

All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable
 instruments and all receipts for money paid to the Company, shall be signed,
 drawn, accepted, indorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such
 manner as the Directors shall from time to time by resolution determine.

### 36.

The Directors shall have power from time to time to appoint one of their number
to be Chairman of the Board of Directors and determine the period for which he
is to hold office.

### 37.

The Directors shall cause minutes to be made:-

#### (a)

of all appointments of officers made by the Directors;

#### (b)

of the names of the Directors present at each meeting of the Directors and of
any committee of the Directors;

#### (c)

of all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the Company, and of the
Directors, and of committees of Directors.

### 38.

The Directors shall have power from time to time to adopt and make alter or
revoke bye-laws for the regulation of the Company provided such bye-laws are
not repugnant to the Memorandum or Articles of Association. Any resolution of
the Directors for the adoption, making, alteration or revocation of such
bye-laws shall be subject to confirmation by Special Resolution of the Company
at the next Annual General Meeting and, if it be not so confirmed, shall cease
to have effect at the conclusion of that meeting. All such bye-laws for the
time being in force shall be binding upon all Members until the same shall
cease to have effect as hereinbefore provided or shall be varied or satisfied
by a Special Resolution of the Company. No Member shall be absolved from such
bye-laws by reason of his not having received a copy of the same, or if any
alterations or additions thereto, or having otherwise no notice of them.

### 39.

The Directors for the time being may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their
body; provided always that, if the Directors shall at any time be reduced in
number to less than the minimum prescribed by or in accordance with these
Articles it shall be lawful for them to act for the purpose of filling up
vacancies in their body, or summoning a General Meeting but not for any other
purpose.

# DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

### 40.

The office of Director shall be vacated if a Director:-

#### (a)

becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors;

#### (b)

becomes incapable by reason of mental disorder, illness or injury of
managing and administering his property and affairs;

#### (c)

ceases to be a Member of the Company;

#### (d)

by notice in writing to the Company resigns his office;

#### (e)

is removed from office by a resolution passed pursuant to Section 303
of the Act.

#### (f)

is directly or indirectly interested in any contract with the Company
and fails to declare the nature of his interest in manner prescribed by section
317 of the Act. A Director shall not vote in respect of any contract in which he is interested
or any matter arising thereout, and if he does so vote his vote shall not be
counted.

# PROCEEDINGS OF THE DIRECTORS

### 41.

The Directors may meet together for the dispatch of business, adjourn and
otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit and determine the quorum
necessary for the transaction of business. Unless otherwise determined two
shall be a quorum. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a
majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes the chairman of a
meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

### 42.

A Director may, and on the request of a Director the Secretary shall, at any
time, summon a meeting of the Directors by notice served upon the several
Directors.

### 43.

The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors may
be fixed by the Directors and unless so fixed shall be two.

### 44.

Notwithstanding Article 43 should the number of Directors fall below the
minimum required then the continuing Directors may act until such time as
replacement Directors are appointed under provision of Article 31 above.

### 45.

The Chairman for the time being of the Directors shall be entitled to preside
at all meetings of the Directors at which he shall be present, but if there be
no such Chairman for the time being or if at any meeting the Chairman be not
present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting
and willing to preside, the Directors present shall choose one of their number
to be chairman of the meeting.

### 46.

The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting of such
person or persons (whether or not Directors or Members of the Company) as the
Directors think fit but so that any committee consisting of less than three
persons shall consist only of Directors and any other committee shall consist
of Directors to the extent of at least two thirds of its number. Any committee
so formed shall conform to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors and
shall be subject at all times to the control of the Directors.

### 47.

The meetings and proceedings of any such committee shall be governed by the
provisions of these Articles for regulating the meetings and proceedings of the
Directors so far as applicable and so far as the same shall not be superseded
by any regulations made by the Directors as aforesaid.

### 48.

All acts bona fide done by any meeting of the Directors or of any committee set
up by the Directors or by any person acting as a Director or Member of any
committee shall, notwithstanding it be afterwards discovered that there was
some defect in the appointment or continuance in office of any such Director or
person acting as aforesaid or that they or any of them were disqualified be as
valid as if every such person had been duly appointed or had duly continued in
office and was qualified to be a Director or Member of the committee.

### 49.

A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors for the time being or of
any committee set up by the Directors who are duly entitled to receive notice
of a meeting of the Directors or such committee shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors or such committee
respectively duly convened and constituted.

### 50.

All or any of the members of the board or any committee of the board may
participate in a meeting of the board or that committee by means of a
conference telephone or any communication equipment which allows all persons
participating in the meeting to hear each other. A person so participating
shall be deemed to be present in person at the meeting and shall be entitled to
vote or be counted in a quorum accordingly. Such a meeting shall be deemed to
take place where the largest of the group of those participating is assembled,
or, if there is no such group where the Chairman of the meeting then is.

# SECRETARY

### 51.

Subject to section 10(5) of the Act, the secretary shall be appointed by the
Directors for such term and such remuneration and upon such conditions as they
may think fit, and any secretary so appointed may be removed by them. The
Directors may from time to time by resolution appoint an assistant or deputy
secretary, and any person so appointed may act in place of the secretary if
there be no secretary capable of acting.

# THE SEAL

### 52.

The seal shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a
resolution of the Directors or of a committee of Directors authorised by the
Directors on their behalf, and subject as hereinafter mentioned every
instrument to which the seal shall be affixed be signed by a Director and shall
be countersigned by the secretary or by a second Director or by some other
person appointed by the Directors as an Authorised Signatory for that purpose.

# ACCOUNTS

### 53.

The Directors shall cause accounting records to be kept in accordance with
Section 221 of the Act, or other legislation for the time being applicable to
the Company.

### 54.

The accounting records shall be kept at the registered office of the Company
or, subject to Section 222 of the Act, at such other place or places as the
Directors think fit, and shall always be open to the inspection of the officers
of the Company.

### 55.

The Directors shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and
at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts
and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of
Members not being Directors, and no Member (not being a Director) shall have
any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except
as conferred by statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in
general meeting.

### 56.

At the Annual General Meeting in every year the Directors shall lay before the
Company an income and expenditure account for the period to the last preceding
account (or in the case of the first accounts since the incorporation of the
Company made up to a date not more than four months before such meeting)
together with a balance sheet made up as at the same date. Every such balance
sheet shall be accompanied by reports of the Directors and the Auditors and
copies of such account, balance sheet and reports and of any other documents
required by law to be annexed or attached thereto or to accompany the same
shall not less than 21 clear days before the date of the meeting be sent to the
Auditors and to all other persons entitled to receive notices of General
Meetings in the manner in which notices are hereinafter directed to be
served. If an audit has been carried out the Auditor's report shall be open to
inspection and be read before the meeting as required by Section 236 of the
Act.

# AUDIT

### 57.

One or more Auditor or Auditors may be appointed to examine the accounts of the
Company and to ascertain the correctness of the income and expenditure account
and balance sheet. This need only occur if either a) it is required by law or
b) it is so resolved upon by the directors in the normal manner.

### 58.

Any Auditors shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance with
the Act.

# Source :

https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1kQ4SZYFfquNDoNhHrXYB74YheUgYJMzXjMCE2ha28i8
