# Bylaws of the Open Source Initiative

Source: http://opensource.org/bylaws

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF OPEN SOURCE INITIATIVE
=====================================================

A California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation
-------------------------------------------------

### ARTICLE I NAME {#I}

#### Section 1. **NAME.**

The name of this corporation is Open Source Initiative.

### ARTICLE II OFFICES {#II}

#### Section 1. **PRINCIPAL OFFICE.**

The principal office for the transaction of the activities and affairs of the
corporation (principal office) is located at 702 Marshall Street, Suite 301,
Redwood City, California 94063 in San Mateo County. The board of directors may
change the principal office from one location to another. Any change of
location of the principal office shall be noted by the secretary on these
bylaws opposite this Section, or this Section may be amended to state the new
location.

#### Section 2. **OTHER OFFICES.**

The board may at any time establish branch or subordinate offices at any place
or places where the corporation is qualified to conduct its activities.

### ARTICLE III PURPOSES AND LIMITATIONS {#III}

#### Section 1. **GENERAL PURPOSES.**

This corporation is a nonprofit public benefit corporation and is not organized
for the private gain of any person. It is organized under the Nonprofit Public
Benefit Corporation Law for public educational purposes.

#### Section 2. **SPECIFIC PURPOSES.**

Within the context of the general purposes stated above, this corporation
shall:

##### (1)

educate the public about the advantages of open source software

##### (2)

encourage the software community to participate in open source software
development;

##### (3)

identify how software users’ objectives are best served through open source
software;

##### (4)

persuade organizations and software authors to distribute source software
freely they otherwise would not distribute;

##### (5)

provide resources for sharing information about open source software and
licenses;

##### (6)

assist attorneys to craft open source licenses;

##### (7)

manage a program to allow use of one or more marks in association with open
source software licenses; and

##### (8)

advocate for open source principles.

#### Section 3. **LIMITATIONS.**

This corporation shall not, except to an insubstantial degree, engage in any
activities or exercise any powers that are not in furtherance of the purposes
of this corporation, and the corporation shall not carry on any other
activities not permitted to be carried on (a) by a corporation exempt from
federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954
or the corresponding provision of any future Unites States internal revenue
law, or (b) by a corporation, contributions to which are deductible under
Section 170(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 or the corresponding
provision of any future United States internal revenue law.

No substantial part of the activities of this corporation shall consist of
carrying on propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation, and
this corporation shall not participate in or intervene in (including publishing
or distributing statements) any political campaign on behalf of any candidate
for public office.

No part of the net earnings of this corporation shall inure to the benefit of
any of its directors, trustees, officers, private shareholders or members, or
to individuals.

On the winding up and dissolution of this corporation, after paying or
adequately providing for the debts, obligations, and liabilities of the
corporation, the remaining assets of this corporation shall be distributed to
such organization (or organizations) organized and operated exclusively for
educational purposes which has established its tax-exempt status under Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision
of any future Unites States internal revenue law) and which has established its
tax-exempt status under Section 23701d of the California Revenue and Taxation
Code (or the corresponding provision of any future California revenue and tax
law).

The corporation will distribute its income for each tax year at such time and
in such manner as not to become subject to the tax on undistributed income
imposed by Section 4942 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 or corresponding
provisions of any later federal tax laws.

The corporation will not engage in any act of self-dealing as defined in
Section 4941(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, or corresponding
provisions of any later federal tax laws.

The corporation will not retain any excess business holdings as defined in
Section 4943(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, or corresponding
provisions of any later federal tax laws.

The corporation will not make any investments in such manner as to subject it
to tax under Section 4944 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, or
corresponding provisions of any later federal tax laws.

The corporation will not make any taxable expenditures as defined in Section
4945(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, or corresponding provisions of
any later federal tax laws.

### ARTICLE IV MEMBERS {#IV}

#### Section 1. **MEMBERSHIP.**

This corporation shall have no members.

### ARTICLE V DIRECTORS {#V}

#### Section 1. **GENERAL CORPORATE POWERS.**

Subject to the provisions and limitations of the California Nonprofit Public
Benefit Corporation law and any other applicable laws, the corporation’s
activities and affairs shall be managed, and all corporate powers shall be
exercised, by or under the direction of the board.

#### Section 2. **SPECIFIC POWERS.**

Without prejudice to the general powers set forth in Section 1 of this Article,
but subject to the same limitations, the directors shall have the power to:

1.  Appoint and remove, at the pleasure of the board, all the corporation’s
    officers, agents, and employees; prescribe powers and duties for them that
    are consistent with law, with the articles of incorporation, and with these
    bylaws; and fix their compensation and require from them security for
    faithful performance of their duties;
2.  Change the principal office or the principal business office in California
    from one location to another; and cause the corporation to be qualified to
    conduct its activities in any other state, territory, dependency, or
    country and conduct its activities within or outside California;
3.  Adopt and use a corporate seal; and alter the forms of the seal and
    certificates;
4.  Borrow money and incur indebtedness on behalf of the corporation and cause
    to be executed and delivered for the corporation’s purposes, in the
    corporate name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of trust,
    mortgages, pledges, hypothecations, and other evidences of debt and
    securities.

#### Section 3. **AUTHORIZED NUMBER AND QUALIFICATIONS.**

The board of directors shall consist of at least 5 but no more than 21
directors until changed by amendment to these bylaws. The exact number of
directors shall be fixed, within those limits, by a resolution adopted by the
board of directors. Any member of the board, except an employee who is serving
as a member of the board, who has served six consecutive years on the board
will not be eligible for election to the board until one year has passed from
the last day of such member’s term.

#### Section 4. **RESTRICTION ON INTERESTED PERSONS AS DIRECTORS.**

No more than forty-nine percent (49%) of the persons serving on the board may
be interested persons. An interested person is (a) any person compensated by
the corporation for services rendered to it within the previous 12 months,
whether as a full-time or part-time employee, independent contractor, or
otherwise, excluding any reasonable compensation paid to a director as a
director; and (b) any brother, sister, ancestor, descendant, spouse,
brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, mother-in-law, or
father-in-law of such person.  However, any violation of the provisions of this
paragraph shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any transaction
entered into by the corporation.

#### Section 5. **ELECTION, DESIGNATION, AND TERM OF OFFICE.**

##### (a)

Commencing with the term starting April 1, 2015, each director shall be
designated by a resolution of the board as serving either a three year term or
a two year term. Except as provided below, the director shall serve until a
successor has been elected by the board of directors. Thereafter, each
successor director shall be elected by a majority of the board of
directors. Each director, including a director elected or appointed to fill a
vacancy, shall hold office until expiration of the term for which elected or
appointed, and until a successor has been elected and qualified.

##### (b) In the event of a director’s elected term having expired and two or
more meetings of the Board or ninety (90) calendar days (whichever is less)
having passed since the expiry of the director’s term without a new director
having been elected, the term of such director shall be terminated.

##### (c)

A director may be removed from the Board at any time prior to the expiry of
such director’s term for any reason by a vote of two thirds of the authorized
members of the Board or if less than all of the authorized members of the Board
have been elected, then a quorum of the elected Board members at two meetings
of the Board, the second of which shall be more than forty five (45) days after
the first Board meeting and for which a vote of a majority of the authorized
members of the Board if less than all of the authorized members of the Board
have been elected, then a quorum of the elected Board members at such second
meeting of the Board . A director may be removed from the Board at any time
prior to the expiry of such director’s term for cause as defined in a
resolution of the Board by a vote of two thirds of the authorized members of
the Board or if less than all of the authorized members of the Board have been
elected, then a quorum of the elected Board members then elected at a single
meeting of the Board.

#### Section 6. **EVENTS CAUSING VACANCY.**

A vacancy or vacancies on the board shall exist on the occurrence of the
following: (a) the death or resignation of any director, (b) the declaration by
resolution of the board of a vacancy in the office of a director who has been
declared of unsound mind by an order of court or convicted of a felony, or, if
the corporation holds assets in charitable trust, has been found by a final
order or judgment of any court to have breached a duty arising under Section
7238 of the California Corporations Code; (c) the increase of the authorized
number of directors, or (d) a removal or resignation as provided in this
Article.

#### Section 7. **RESIGNATIONS.**

Except as provided below, any director may resign by giving written notice to
the chairman of the board, if any, or to the president or the secretary of the
board. The resignation shall be effective when the notice is given unless it
specifies a later time for the resignation to become effective. If a director’s
resignation is effective at a later time, the board may elect a successor to
take office when the resignation becomes effective.

#### Section 8. **FILLING VACANCIES.**

Vacancies on the board may be filled by a majority of the directors then in
office, whether or not less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.

#### Section 9. **NO VACANCY ON REDUCTION OF NUMBER OF DIRECTORS.**

No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of
removing any director before that director’s term of office expires.

#### Section 10. **PLACE OF DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS.**

Meetings of the board shall be held at any place within or outside California
that has been designated by resolution of the board or in the notice of the
meeting or, if not so designated, at the principal office of the corporation.

#### Section 11. **DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE OR OTHER ELECTRONIC MEANS
OF COMMUNICATION.**

Any meeting may be held by conference telephone or by other electronic means of
communication, as long as all directors participating in the meeting can hear
one another or read what each other is saying. All such directors shall be
deemed to be present in person at such a meeting.

#### Section 12. **INITIAL DIRECTORS’ MEETING.**

The board shall hold a regular meeting for purposes of organization, election
of officers, and the transaction of other business. Notice of this meeting is
not required.

#### Section 13. **OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS.**

Other regular meetings of the board may be held without notice at such time and
place as the board may fix from time to time.

#### Section 14. **AUTHORITY TO CALL SPECIAL MEETINGS.**

Special meetings of the board for any purpose may be called at any time by the
chairman of the board, if any, the president or any vice president, or the
secretary or any two directors.

#### Section 15. **MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETINGS.**

Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be given to each
director by one of the following methods: (a) by personal delivery of written
notice; (b) by first-class mail, postage prepaid; (c) by telephone, either
directly to the director or to a person at the director’s office who would
reasonably be expected to communicate that notice promptly to the director; (d)
by telegram, charges prepaid; or (e) by electronic mail. All such notices shall
be given or sent to the director’s address, telephone number, or electronic
mail address as shown on the records of the corporation.

#### Section 16. **TIME REQUIREMENTS FOR NOTICES OF SPECIAL MEETINGS.**

Notices of special meetings sent by first-class mail shall be deposited in the
United States mails at least four days before the time set for the
meeting. Notices given by personal delivery, telephone, telegraph or electronic
mail shall be delivered, telephoned, given to the telegraph company, or
transmitted by electronic mail at least 48 hours before the time set for the
meeting.

#### Section 17. **CONTENTS OF NOTICES OF SPECIAL MEETINGS.**

The notice of a special meeting shall state the time of the meeting, and the
place if the place is other than the principal office of the corporation. It
need not specify the purpose of the meeting.

#### Section 18. **QUORUM FOR DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS.**

Four directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business,
except to adjourn; provided however if less than all of the authorized
directors have been elected, no less than one fifth of the authorized number of
directors or two (2) whichever is greater. Every action taken or decision made
by a majority of the directors present at a duly held meeting at which a quorum
is present shall be the act of the board, subject to the more stringent
provisions of the California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation Law,
including, without limitation, those provisions relating to (a) approval of
contracts or transactions between the corporation and one or more directors or
between the corporation and any entity in which a director has a material
financial interest, (b) creation of and appointments to committees of the
board, and (c) indemnification of directors. A meeting at which a quorum is
initially present may continue to transact business, despite the withdrawal of
directors, if any action taken or decision made is approved by at least a
majority of the required quorum for that meeting.

#### Section 19. **WAIVER OF NOTICE OF DIRECTORS’ MEETING.**

Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who, either before or
after the meeting, signs a waiver of notice, a written consent to the holding
of the meeting, or an approval of the minutes of the meeting. The waiver of
notice or consent need not specify the purpose of the meeting. All such
waivers, consents, and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or
made a part of the minutes of the meetings. Notice of a meeting need not be
given to any director who attends the meeting and does not protest, before or
at the commencement of the meeting, the lack of notice to him or her.

#### Section 20. **ADJOURNMENT OF DIRECTORS’ MEETING.**

A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may
adjourn any meeting to another time and place.

#### Section 21. **NOTICE OF ADJOURNED DIRECTORS’ MEETING.**

Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given
unless the original meeting is adjourned for more than 24 hours. If the
original meeting is adjourned for more than 24 hours, notice of any adjournment
to another time and place shall be given, before the time of the adjourned
meeting, to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment.

#### Section 22. **ACTION WITHOUT A DIRECTORS’ MEETING.**

Any action that the board is required or permitted to take may be taken without
a meeting if all members of the board consent in writing to that action. Such
action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as any other
validly approved action of the board. All such consents shall be filed with the
minutes of the proceedings of the board.

#### Section 23. **COMPENSATION AND REIMBURSEMENT OF DIRECTORS.**

Directors may receive such compensation, if any, for their services, and such
reimbursement of expenses, as may be determined by board resolution to be just
and reasonable as to the corporation at the time the resolution is adopted.

#### Section 24. **COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD.**

The board, by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors then in office,
provided a quorum is present, may create one or more committees, each
consisting of two or more directors, and no persons who are not directors, to
serve at the pleasure of the board which shall be the voting members of the
committee. The committee may have one or more members who are not directors;
such committee members shall be either be

##### (i)

“advisory members” who shall not have any voting rights on the committee or

##### (ii)

voting members in which case the actions of the committee shall be advisory and
need to be approved by the Board to be effective. Any such committee shall
limit its activities to the accomplishment of the tasks for which it was
appointed and shall have no power to act except as specifically conferred by
action of the Board. Upon completion of the tasks for which created, a
committee shall be discharged. Appointments to committees of the board shall be
by majority vote of the authorized number of directors. The board may appoint
one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee, who may
replace any absent member at any meeting. Any such committee, to the extent
provided in the board resolution, shall have all the authority of the board
except that no committee, regardless of board resolution, may:

1.  Fill vacancies on the board or on any committee that has the authority of
    the board;
2.  Fix compensation of the directors for serving on the board or on any
    committee;
3.  Amend or repeal bylaws or adopt new bylaws;
4.  Amend or repeal any board resolution that by its express terms is not so
    amendable or repealable;
5.  Create any other committees of the board or appoint the members of
    committees of the board;
6.  Expend corporate funds to support a nominee for director after more people
    have been nominated for director than can be elected; or
7.  With respect to any assets held in charitable trust, approve any contract
    or transaction between the corporation and one or more of its directors or
    between the corporation and an entity in which one or more of its directors
    have a material financial interest, subject to the special approval
    provisions of Section 5233(d)(3) of the California Corporations Code.

#### Section 25. **MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD.**

Meetings and actions of committees of the board shall be governed by, held, and
taken in accordance with, the provisions of these bylaws concerning meetings
and other board actions except that the time for regular meetings of such
committees and calling of special meetings of such committees may be determined
either by board resolution, or if there is none, by resolution of the
committee. Minutes of each meting of any committee shall be kept and shall be
filed with the corporate records.  The board may adopt rules for the government
of any committee that are consistent with these bylaws or, in the absence of
rules adopted by the board, the committee may adopt such rules.

### ARTICLE VI OFFICERS {#VI}

#### Section 1. **OFFICERS OF THE CORPORATION.**

The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a secretary, and a chief
financial officer. The corporation may also have, at the board’s discretion, a
chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant
secretaries, one or more assistant treasurers, and such other officers as may
be appointed in accordance with Section 3 of this Article. Any number of
offices may be held by the same person.

#### Section 2. **ELECTION OF OFFICERS.** The officers of the corporation,

except those appointed under Section 3 of this Article, shall be chosen
annually by the board and shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to
the rights, if any, of any officer under any contract of employment.

#### Section 3. **OTHER OFFICERS.**

The board may appoint and may authorize the chairman of the board, the
president, or other officer to appoint any other officers that the corporation
may require. Each officer so appointed shall have the title, hold office for
the period, have the authority, and perform the duties specified in the bylaws
or determined by the board.

#### Section 4. **REMOVAL OF OFFICERS.**

Without prejudice to any rights of an officer under any contract of employment,
an officer may be removed with or without cause by the board, and also, if the
board did not choose the officer, by any officer on whom the board may confer
that power of removal.

#### Section 5. **RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS.**

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the
corporation. The resignation shall take effect as of the date the notice is
received or at any later time specified in the notice and, unless otherwise
specified in the notice, the resignation need not be accepted to be
effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of
the corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.

#### Section 6. **VACANCIES IN OFFICE.**

A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification, or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed
in these bylaws for regular appointments to that office, provided, however,
that vacancies need not be filled on an annual basis.

#### Section 7. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD.**

If a chairman of the board is elected, he or she shall preside at board
meetings and shall exercise and perform such other powers and duties as the
board may assign from time to time. If there is no president, the chairman of
the board shall also be the chief executive officer and shall have the powers
and duties prescribed by these bylaws for the president of the corporation.

#### Section 8. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PRESIDENT.** Subject to such
supervisory powers as the board may give to the chairman of the board, if any,
and subject to the control of the board, the president shall be the general
manager of the corporation and shall supervise, direct, and control the
corporation’s activities, affairs, and officers. In the absence of the chairman
of the board, or if there is none, the president shall preside at all board
meetings. The president shall have such other powers and duties as the board or
bylaws may prescribe.

#### Section 9. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF VICE PRESIDENTS.**

In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in
order of their rank as fixed by the board or, if not ranked, a vice president
designated by the board, shall perform all duties of the president. When so
acting, a vice president shall have all powers of and be subject to all
restrictions on the president. The vice presidents shall have such other powers
and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws may prescribe.

#### Section 10. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY; BOOK OF MINUTES.**

The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation’s principal
office or such other place as the board may direct, a book of minutes of all
meetings, proceedings, and actions of the board and of committees of the
board. The minutes of meetings shall include the time and place of holding,
whether the meeting was annual, regular, or special and, if special, how
authorized, the notice given, and the names of those present at board and
committee meetings. The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the
principal office in California, a copy of the articles of incorporation and
bylaws, as amended to date.

#### Section 11. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY; NOTICES, SEAL, AND OTHER
DUTIES.**

The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of
members, of the board, and of committees of the board required by these bylaws
to be given. The secretary shall have such other powers and perform such other
duties as the board or the bylaws may prescribe.

#### Section 12. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER; BOOKS OF
     ACCOUNT.**

The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and
maintained, adequate and correct books and accounts of the corporation’s
properties and transactions. The chief financial officer shall send or cause to
be given to the directors such financial statements and reports as are required
by law, by these bylaws, or by the board to be given. The books of account
shall be open to inspection by any director at all reasonable times.

#### Section 13. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICE; DEPOSIT AND
DISBURSEMENT OF MONEY AND VALUABLES.**

The chief financial officer shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, all money
and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such
depositories as the board may designate, shall disburse the corporation’s funds
as the board may order, shall render to the president, chairman of the board,
if any, and the board, when requested, an account of all transactions as chief
financial officer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and shall
have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws
may prescribe.

#### Section 14. **RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER; BOND.**


If required by the board, the chief financial officer shall give the
corporation a bond in the amount and with the surety or sureties specified by
the board for faithful performance of the duties of the office and for
restoration the corporation of all its books, papers, vouchers, money, and
other property of any kind in the possession or under the control of the chief
financial officer on his or her death, resignation, retirement, or removal from
office.

#### Section 15.

**PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES**. In addition to the officers of the
corporation, the Board of Directors may, by resolution, establish one or more
Project Management Committees consisting of at least one officer of the
corporation, who shall be designated chairman of such committee, and may
include one or more other individuals as the Board or the chairman of the
committee deems appropriate. Unless elected or appointed as an officer in
accordance with Section 6.3 of these Bylaws, a member of a Project Management
Committee shall not be deemed an officer of the corporation. All Project
Management Committees shall be advisory in nature.

Each Project Management Committee shall be responsible for the active
management of one or more projects identified by resolution of the Board of
Directors which may include, without limitation, activities furthering the
purposes of the Corporation as defined in Section 3.2 of these Bylaws. Subject
to the direction of the Board of Directors, the chairman of each Project
Management Committee shall be primarily responsible for project(s) managed by
such committee, and he or she shall establish rules and procedures for the day
to day management of project(s) for which the committee is responsible.

The Board of Directors of the corporation may, by resolution, terminate a
Project Management Committee at any time.

### ARTICLE VII INDEMNIFICATION {#VII}

#### Section 1. **RIGHT OF INDEMNITY.**

To the fullest extent permitted by law, this corporation shall indemnify its
directors, officers, employees, and other persons described in Section 7237(a)
of the California Corporations Code, including persons formerly occupying any
such position, against all expenses, judgments, fines, settlements, and other
amounts actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with any
“proceeding,” as that term is used in that Section, and including any action by
or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is or
was a person described in that Section.  “Expenses,” as used in this bylaw,
shall have the same meaning as in Section 7237(a) of the California
Corporations Code.

#### Section 2. **APPROVAL OF INDEMNITY.**

On written request to the board by any person seeking indemnification under
Section 7237(b) or Section 7237(c) of the California Corporations Code, the
board shall promptly determine under Section 7327(e) of the California
Corporations Code whether the applicable standard of conduct set forth in
Section 7237(b) or Section 7237(c) has been met and, if so, the board shall
authorize indemnification.

#### Section 3. **ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES.**

To the fullest extent permitted by law and except as otherwise determined by
the board in a specific instance, expenses incurred by a person seeking
indemnification under Sections 17 and 18 of this Article in defending any
proceeding covered by those Sections shall be advanced by the corporation
before final disposition of the proceeding, on receipt by the corporation of an
undertaking by or on behalf of that person that the advance will be repaid
unless it is ultimately determined that the person is entitled to be
indemnified by the corporation for those expenses.

### ARTICLE VIII INSURANCE {#VIII}

#### Section 1. **INSURANCE.**

The corporation shall have the right to purchase and maintain insurance to the
full extent permitted by law on behalf of its officers, directors, employees,
and other agents, against any liability asserted against or incurred by any
officer, director, employee, or agent in such capacity or arising out of the
officer’s, director’s, employee’s, or agent’s status as such.

### ARTICLE IX RECORDS AND REPORTS {#IX}

#### Section 1. **MAINTENANCE OF CORPORATE RECORDS.**

The corporation shall keep:

##### (1)

adequate and correct books and records of account; and

##### (2)

written minutes of the proceedings of its board and committees of the board.

#### Section 2. **MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF ARTICLES AND BYLAWS.**

The corporation shall keep at its principal office, or if its principal office
is not in California, at its principal business office in this state, the
original or a copy of the articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended to
date, which shall be open to inspection by the directors at all reasonable
times during office hours.

#### Section 3. **INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS.**

Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect
the corporation’s books, records, documents of every kind, physical properties,
and the records of each of its subsidiaries. The inspection may be made in
person or by the director’s agent or attorney. The right of inspection includes
the right to copy and make extracts of documents.

#### Section 4. **ANNUAL REPORT.**

##### 1.

An annual report shall be prepared within 120 days after the end of the
corporation’s fiscal year. That report shall contain the following information
in appropriate detail:

###### 1.

A balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year, and an income statement and
statement of changes in financial position for the fiscal year, accompanied by
any report on them by independent accounts, or, if there is no such report, by
the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that they were
prepared without audit from the books and records of the corporation.

###### 2.

Any information that is required by Section 7 of this Article.

#####2.

This Section shall not apply if the corporation receives less than $10,000 in
gross revenues or receipts during the fiscal year.


#### Section 5. **ANNUAL STATEMENT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND
INDEMNIFICATIONS.**

As part of the annual report, or as a separate document if no annual report is
issued, the corporation shall annually prepare and furnish to each director a
statement of any transaction or indemnification of the following kind within
120 days after the end of the corporation’s fiscal year:

##### 1.

Any transaction (i) in which the corporation, its parent, or its subsidiary was
a party, (ii) in which an “interested person” had a direct or indirect material
financial interest, and (iii) which involved more than \$50,000, or was one of
a number of transactions with the same interested person involving, in the
aggregate, more than \$50,000. For this purpose, an “interested person” is
either of the following:

###### 1.

Any director or officer of the corporation, its parent, or subsidiary (but mere
common directorship shall not be considered such an interest); or

        
###### 2.

Any holder of more than 10 percent of the voting power of the corporation, its
parent, or its subsidiary. The statement shall include a brief description of
the transaction, the names of interested persons involved, their relationship
to the corporation, the nature of their interest in the transaction and, if
practicable, the amount of that interest, provided that if the transaction was
with a partnership in which the interested person is a partner, only the
interest of the partnership need be stated.

##### 2.

A brief description of the amounts and circumstances of any loans, guaranties,
indemnifications, or advances aggregating more than \$10,000 paid during the
fiscal year to any officer or director of the corporation under Article 8 of
these bylaws, unless the loan, guaranty, indemnification, or advance is not
subject to the provisions of subdivision (a) of Section 7235(a) of that Code.

### ARTICLE X CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS {#X}

#### Section 1. **CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS.**

Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of
construction, and definitions in the California Nonprofit Public Benefit
Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting
the generality of the preceding sentence, the masculine gender includes the
feminine and neuter, the singular includes the plural and the plural includes
the singular, and the term “person” includes both a legal entity and a natural
person.

### ARTICLE XI AMENDMENTS {#XI}

#### Section 1. **LIMITATION ON AMENDMENT BY BOARD.**

Subject to the limitations set forth below, the board may adopt, amend, or
repeal bylaws. The board may not extend the term of a director beyond that for
which the director was elected.

#### Section 2. **HIGH VOTE REQUIREMENT.**

If any provision of these bylaws requires the vote of a larger proportion of
the board than is otherwise required by law, that provision may not be altered,
amended, or repealed except by that greater vote.

### CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

I certify that I, Patrick Masson, am the duly elected and acting Secretary of
Open Source Initiative, a California nonprofit public benefit corporation, that
the above bylaws, consisting of 12 pages, are the bylaws of this corporation as
adopted by the board of directors on November 6th, 2011, and that they have not
been amended or modified since that date.

Executed on December 4th, 2013 at San Francisco, California,

![](http://opensource.org/files/MassonSig.png)

Patrick Masson\ Secretary

