Source : <http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Bylaws>

''These bylaws were last <span class="plainlinks">
[//wikimediafoundation.org/w/index.php?title=Bylaws&action=history
updated] </span> with the changes approved by the board in [May
2013](Resolution:Amended Bylaws, Article IV, Section 6 "wikilink"). ''

BYLAWS OF THE WIKIMEDIA FOUNDATION, INC.

ARTICLE I - NAME
----------------

This organization shall be known as the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. (the
Foundation). The registered agent and registered office will be
determined by a resolution of the Board of Trustees. The main web site
of the Foundation shall be <http://www.wikimediafoundation.org>.

ARTICLE II - STATEMENT OF PURPOSE
---------------------------------

The mission of the Wikimedia Foundation is to empower and engage people
around the world to collect and develop educational content under a free
license or in the public domain, and to disseminate it effectively and
globally.

In coordination with a network of chapters and individual volunteers,
the Foundation provides the essential infrastructure and an
organizational framework for the support and development of multilingual
wiki projects and other endeavors which serve this mission. The
Foundation will make and keep useful information from its projects
available on the Internet free of charge, in perpetuity.

ARTICLE III - MEMBERSHIP
------------------------

The Foundation does not have members. (Fla. Stat. Section 617.0601)

ARTICLE IV - THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES
----------------------------------

### Section 1. General Powers.

All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of,
and the business and affairs of the Foundation shall be managed under,
the direction of the Board of Trustees either directly or through a
written delegation of authority.

### Section 2. Number, Tenure, and Qualification.

The authorized number of Trustees of the Foundation shall be at least
nine (9). Trustees are selected according to the process specified in
Article IV, Section 3 below. Each Trustee shall hold office until the
expiration of his or her term as specified in Article IV, Section 3
below, or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office, or
death.

### Section 3. Selection.

**(A)** Governance priorities. The Board must be composed of Trustees
with a diverse set of talents, experience, and competencies that will
best fulfill the mission and needs of the Foundation. The Board and its
Trustees are understood to act as fiduciaries with regard to the
Foundation, and their duties include, but are not limited to, the
fiduciary duty of care and the fiduciary duty of loyalty, as described
in Sections 617.0830 and 617.0832 of the Florida Not For Profit
Corporation Act (the Act).

**(B)** Governance definitions. "Community," as used in the Bylaws,
shall be defined by the Board, consistent with the mission statement.
"Chapters," as used in these Bylaws, shall be defined by the Board,
consistent with the mission statement, and will function as independent
legal entities that operate in coordination with the Foundation to
implement the mission statement. A chapter is required to enter into a
formal agreement with the Foundation and may be required to incorporate
formally in order to engage in cooperative fund-raising or other
business or non-profit arrangements with the Foundation, but in no
instance will a chapter be an agent of the Foundation.

**(C)** Community-selected Trustees. Three Trustees will be selected in
odd-numbered years from candidates approved through community voting.
The Board of Trustees shall determine the dates, rules and regulation of
the voting procedures. The Board shall determine who is qualified to
vote for community-selected Trustees. The Board will approve candidates
who receive the most votes, subject to Article IV, Section 3(A), and
other provisions of these Bylaws. In the event that a candidate is
selected who does not meet the requirements of Article IV, Section 3(A)
or other requirements of these Bylaws, or of applicable state or federal
law, the Board will (i) not approve the selected candidate, (ii) declare
a vacancy on the Board, and (iii) appoint the candidate receiving the
next most votes to fill the resulting vacancy, subject to this Section 3
and to Article IV, Section 6 below. Community-selected Trustees must
resign from any chapter-board, chapter-governance, chapter-paid, or
Foundation-paid position for the duration of their terms as Trustees,
but may continue to serve chapters in informal or advisory capacities.
Trustees selected in accordance with this Article 3(C) shall serve
two-year terms.

**(D)** Chapter-selected Trustees. Two Trustees will be selected in
even-numbered years from candidates approved through a
chapter-determined process. The process will be conducted according to a
procedure approved by a majority of the chapters and approved by the
Board. Amendments to the procedure established to elect Chapter-selected
Trustees also must be approved by a majority of the chapters and
approved by the Board. Chapter-selected Trustees must resign from any
chapter-board, chapter-governance, chapter-paid, or Foundation-paid
position for the duration of their terms as Trustees, but may continue
to serve chapters in informal or advisory capacities. Chapter-selected
Trustees must meet the requirements of applicable state or federal law
for Trusteeship. In the event that a candidate is selected who does not
meet the requirements of Article IV, Section 3(A) or other requirements
of these Bylaws, or of applicable state or federal law, the Board will
(i) not approve the selected candidate, (ii) declare a vacancy on the
Board, and (iii) request that the chapters select a new Trustee to fill
the resulting vacancy, subject to this Section 3 and to Article IV,
Section 6 below. Trustees selected in accordance with this Section 3(D)
shall serve two-year terms.

**(E)** Board-appointed Trustees. As many as four Trustees may be
appointed by the Board to non-community-selected, non-chapter-selected
positions, and the term of each such appointment shall not exceed two
years. The appointment of Board-appointed Trustees shall be conducted
consistent with the provisions of Article IV, Section 3(A) and with
applicable state and federal law. Board-appointed Trustees must resign
from any chapter-board, chapter-governance, chapter-paid, or
Foundation-paid position for the duration of their terms as Trustees.
The Board may reappoint a Trustee appointed under this Section 3(E) for
successive two-year terms.

**(F)** Community Founder Trustee Position. The Board may appoint Jimmy
Wales as Community Founder Trustee for a two-year term. The Board may
reappoint Wales as Community Founder Trustee for successive two-year
terms. In the event that Wales is not appointed as Community Founder
Trustee, the position will remain vacant, and the Board shall not fill
the vacancy.

**(G)** Board Majority. A majority of the Board Trustee positions,
without counting the Community Founder Trustee position, shall be
selected or appointed from the community and the chapters.

### Section 4. Meetings.

Meetings of the Board of Trustees may be scheduled at such times and at
such places as the Trustees deem appropriate and shall be conducted at
least annually. A quorum shall consist of a majority of Trustees then in
office. Any meeting that is adjourned may be continued without the
presence of a quorum of the Board as long as all the Trustees are given
reasonable notice of the time and place such adjournment shall resume.

#### (a) Special Meetings.

Special meetings of the Board of Trustees may be called by the chair of
the board, by the vice-chair or by any two Trustees. The person or
persons who call a special meeting of the Board of Trustees may fix the
place for holding such special meeting.

#### (b) Notice.

Notice of any special meeting shall be given at least two (2) days
before the meeting by written notice specifying the date, time, and
purposes of the meeting. Any Trustee may waive notice of any meeting,
before or after the meeting, as provided in these Bylaws. Attendance of
any Trustee at a meeting constitutes waiver of notice of such meeting,
except when such Trustee attends the meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any
business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

In case of emergency, as defined in Section 617.0303(5) or other
relevant provisions of the Act, the chair of the Board of Trustees or
the vice-chair of the Board of Trustees shall prescribe a shorter notice
to be given personally or by communicating to each Trustee at his or her
email address, residence or business address in like manner.

#### (c) Manner of Acting.

The act of the majority of the Trustees present at a meeting at which a
quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Trustees. Such
actions shall take the form of resolutions and shall be included in the
corporate records of the Foundation.

#### (d) Presumption of Assent.

A Trustee of the Foundation who is present at a meeting of the Board of
Trustees at which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be
presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless the Trustee votes
against such action or abstains from voting on such action. A Trustee
may abstain from voting on an action only if such abstention is on
account of an asserted conflict of interest.

#### (e) Constructive Presence at a Meeting.

A Trustee may participate in a meeting of such board by means of a
conference telephone or online, by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time.
Participating by such means shall constitute presence in person at a
meeting.

#### (f) Action Without a Meeting.

Any action required by law to be taken at any meeting of the Trustees of
the Foundation may be taken without a meeting consistent with the
following consent procedures. (1) Action required or permitted to be
taken at a meeting of the Board of Trustees may be taken without a
meeting if the action receives the affirmative vote of all of the
Trustees. The action must be evidenced by one or more written consents
describing the action taken and affirmatively signed by all of the
Trustees then in office. Electronic signatures are acceptable. (2)
Action taken under this Section 4 is effective when the action is
affirmatively signed by all of the Trustees then in office unless the
consent specifies a different effective date. (3) A consent signed under
this Section 4 has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as
such in any document. (4) Any consent resolution which has not received
affirmative votes from all of the Trustees then in office shall be
presented for a vote at the next board meeting. (5) Modifications to the
Bylaws or articles of incorporation can not be made by consent
resolutions.

### Section 5. Resignations.

Any Trustee of the Foundation may resign at any time by giving written
notice to the Board of Trustees, to the Chair of the board, or to the
Foundation through the Executive Director. Any such resignation shall
take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not
specified therein, upon its acceptance by the Board of Trustees.

### Section 6. Vacancies.

Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Trustees, including any vacancy
created by reason of an increase in the number of Trustees, may be
filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees
though less than a quorum of the Board of Trustees. A Trustee appointed
to fill a vacancy shall serve as Trustee for the unexpired portion of
the term for that position. As permitted by the Act, the Board may
continue doing business as a Board during the vacancy of any Trustee
position.

### Section 7. Removal.

Any Trustee may be removed, with or without cause, by a majority vote of
the Trustees then in office in accordance with the procedures set forth
in Section 617.0808(1), or other relevant provisions of the Act.

### Section 8. Delegation and Expenses.

**(a)** Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of
Trustees under these Bylaws or any provision of law may be delegated by
the Board to any committee of the Board, except as provided in Section
617.0825(1), or other relevant provisions of the Act.

**(b)** Advisory committees that do not exercise any authority of the
Board of Trustees may include as committee members persons from the
community and other professionals who are not Trustees, provided the
membership of the committee is approved by the Board.

**(c)** Trustees may not be compensated for their roles as Trustees.
They may be allowed expenses, by resolution of the Board, for attending
meetings, if necessary. No Trustee shall be employed or otherwise
receive compensation from the Foundation for their duties as Trustees.

### Section 9. Voting Means.

Voting on all matters, including the election of Trustees and officers,
may be conducted by mail, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, chat
software, video conferencing, wiki software, or other similar verifiable
means. Proxy voting shall not be allowed.

### Section 10. Reserved Powers.

Unless otherwise delegated by the Board of Trustees to another body or
person, the Board of Trustees shall be empowered to make any and all
regulations, rules, policies, user agreements, terms of use, and other
such decisions as may be necessary for the continued functioning of the
Foundation not inconsistent with these Bylaws.

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS AND DUTIES
-------------------------------

### Section 1. Number.

The Board of Trustees shall elect from among the Trustees the following
officers: a Chair, Vice Chair, and any Board committee chairs. The Board
of Trustees shall also appoint the following non-Trustee officer
positions: an Executive Director, Secretary, Treasurer, and such other
officers as the Board from time to time may appoint.

#### (a) Chair.

The Chair shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the Board of
Trustees. The Chair shall have general supervision of the affairs of the
corporation and shall make reports to the Board of Trustees at meetings
and other times as necessary to keep Trustees informed of corporation
activities. The Chair may sign, with the secretary or any other proper
officer of the Foundation thereunto authorized by the Board of Trustees,
any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other instruments which the
Board of Trustees has authorized to be executed, except in cases where
the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the
Board of Trustees or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of
the Foundation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or
executed. The Chair shall in general perform all duties as from time to
time may be assigned to them by the Board of Trustees.

#### (b) Vice Chair.

The Vice Chair shall perform the duties and have the powers of the Chair
when the Chair is absent or unable to perform their duties. Other duties
of the Vice Chair may be designated by the Board of Trustees or the
Chair.

#### (c) Board Committee Chairs.

Board committee chairs shall perform the duties and have the powers set
forth in the charters of the committees of which they are the chair and
as determined by the Board from time to time.

#### (d) Executive Director.

The Executive Director, a non-trustee officer position, is the chief
executive officer of the Foundation. The Executive Director has charge
of the business and affairs of the Foundation, subject to the direction
and control of the Board of Trustees, and shall see that the resolutions
and directives of the Board of Trustees are carried into effect except
in those instances in which responsibility is assigned to some other
person by the Board of Trustees. The Executive Director may execute on
behalf of the Foundation any contracts or other instruments that the
Board of Trustees has authorized to be executed through a delegation of
authority, which the Executive Director may further delegate in writing.

#### (e) Secretary.

The Secretary, a non-trustee officer position, shall keep accurate
records of all Foundation meetings; ensure that all notices are duly
given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required
by law; maintain corporate records and perform all duties of the office
of the Secretary and such other duties as may be assigned by the Chair
or the Board of Trustees. The Secretary may delegate certain duties as
necessary.

#### (f) Treasurer.

The Treasurer, a non-trustee officer position, shall have charge and
custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the
Foundation; receive and give receipts for monies due and payable to the
Foundation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such monies in
the name of the Foundation in such banks, trust companies, or other
depositories as shall be selected in accordance with the provisions of
these Bylaws; review the financial operations of the organization and
advise with the Secretary on financial matters, including audits; make
financial reports to the Board of Trustees at regular and special
meetings; and perform such other duties as assigned by the Chair or the
Board of Trustees. The Treasurer may delegate in writing certain
day-to-day duties, as the Treasurer and Board of Trustees deem
appropriate.

### Section 2. Term.

The Trustee officers shall be elected for one year terms of office by
majority vote of the Board and such terms shall automatically renew and
continue until replaced by a majority vote of the Board or resignation.
The non-trustee positions of Executive Director, Treasurer, and
Secretary shall be Board appointed positions and such terms shall
continue until replaced by a majority vote of the Board or resignation.

### Section 3. Removal.

Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Trustees may
be removed by the Board of Trustees whenever, in its judgment, the best
interests of the Foundation would be served thereby.

### Section 4. Vacancies.

A vacancy, however occurring, in any office may be filled by the Board
of Trustees for the unexpired portion of the term.

### Section 5. Resignations.

Any elected or appointed officer of the Foundation may resign at any
time by giving written notice to the Foundation through the Chair or
Executive Director. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time
specified therein, or, if the time be not specified therein, upon its
acceptance by the Board of Trustees.

ARTICLE VI - ASSETS
-------------------

### Section 1. Dedication of Assets.

The property of this Foundation is irrevocably dedicated to charitable
purposes and no part of the net income or assets of this Foundation
shall ever inure to the benefit of any Trustee or officer thereof or to
the benefit of any private individual other than compensation in a
reasonable amount to its officers, employees, and contractors for
services rendered.

### Section 2. Distribution of Assets.

Upon the dissolution or winding-up of this Foundation, its assets
remaining after payment, or provision for payment, of all debts and
liabilities of the Foundation shall be distributed to a nonprofit fund,
foundation, or entity which is organized and operated exclusively for
charitable purposes and which has established its tax exempt status
under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, or
corresponding provisions of subsequent federal tax laws.

ARTICLE VII - CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS, AND DEPOSITS
----------------------------------------------------

### Section 1. Contracts.

The Board of Trustees may authorize any officer or officers, agent or
agents to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument
in the name of and on behalf of the Foundation, unless otherwise
restricted by law. Such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances.

### Section 2. Loans.

No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Foundation and no evidence
of indebtedness shall be issued in its name unless authorized by a
resolution of the Board of Trustees. Such authority may be general or
confined to specific instances.

### Section 3. Checks, Drafts, Etc.

All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money, notes, or
other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Foundation
shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the
Foundation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined
by resolution of the Board of Trustees.

### Section 4. Deposits.

All funds of the Foundation not otherwise employed shall be deposited
from time to time to the credit of the Foundation in such banks, trust
companies, or other depositories as the Board of Trustees may select.

ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION
------------------------------

**(A)** The Foundation shall, except as provided in or limited by
Subparagraph (C), indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by law any
person who was or is a party to any proceeding (other than an action by,
or in the right of, the Foundation), by reason of the fact that he or
she is or was a Trustee or officer of the Foundation. Expenses incurred
by a Trustee or an officer in defending a civil or criminal proceeding
may be paid by the Foundation in advance of the final disposition of
such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such
Trustee or officer to repay such amount if he or she is ultimately found
not to be entitled to indemnification by the Foundation.

**(B)** The Foundation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of
any person who is or was a Trustee, officer, employee, or agent of the
Foundation, or who is or was serving at the request of the Foundation as
a director, trustee, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise (Other
Enterprise), against any liability asserted against him or her and
incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or
her status as such, whether or not the Foundation would have the power
to indemnify him or her against such liability under Florida law.

'''(C) ''' The Foundation¡¯s obligation, if any, to indemnify any person
who was or is serving at its request as a director, trustee, officer,
employee, or agent of an Other Enterprise must be reduced by any amount
such person collects as indemnification from such Other Enterprise.

ARTICLE IX - WAIVER OF NOTICE
-----------------------------

Unless otherwise provided by law, whenever any notice is required to be
given to any Trustee of the Foundation under the provisions of these
Bylaws or under the provisions of its articles of incorporation, a
waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to
such notice, or by electronic means sufficient to authenticate the
sender, date and time, whether before or after the time stated therein,
shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice.

ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS
-------------------------

### Section 1. Amendment.

These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws may be
adopted by a majority of the entire Board of Trustees at any regular
meeting or special meeting, provided that at least ten days written
notice is given of intention to alter, amend or repeal or to adopt new
Bylaws at such meeting.

### Section 2. Seal.

The Foundation seal shall be circular in form and shall contain the name
of the Foundation, the year of its creation and the words, "CORPORATE
SEAL, FLORIDA." Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile
thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced otherwise.

### Section 3. Fiscal Year, Audit, and Review.

The fiscal year of the Foundation shall be July 1 - June 30 of each
year. The accounts of the Foundation shall be audited annually by a
Certified Public Accountant. The accounts of the Foundation shall be
reviewed quarterly by a Certified Public Accountant.

### Section 4. Delivery of Notices.

Whenever any notice is required by the Bylaws, it shall be deemed to be
sufficient if mailed via first class mail to the last known address or
to the last known email address of the intended recipient. Such notice
may be waived in writing by the intended recipient.

SIGNATURES
----------

/s/ Kat Walsh, /s/ Jan-Bart de Vreede, /s/ Jimmy Wales, /s/ Bishakha
Datta, /s/ Matt Halprin, /s/ Stu West. /s/ Samuel Klein, /s/ Alice
Wiegand, /s/ Patricio Lorente, /s/ Ting Chen

LICENSE
-------

This document is made available under the [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/); additional
terms may apply.

<Category:English>

