Nothing herein shall authorize the corporation to operate or maintain a nursery
school, elementary school or secondary school. Nothing herein shall authorize
the corporation to operate or maintain an institute of higher learning or to
grant degrees.


In furtherance of its corporate purposes, the corporation shall have all the
general powers enumerated in Section 202 of the Not-For-Profit Corporation Law,
together with the power to solicit grants and contributions for the corporate
purposes.


Nothing herein shall authorize this corporation, directly or indirectly, to
engage in or include among its purposes, any of the activities mentioned in the
Not-For-Profit Corporation Law, Section 404(b)-(v).

The association is organized exclusively for charitable, religious, scientific,
literary, and/or educational purposes as defined in **Section 501(c)(3)** of
the Code. Subject to the foregoing and preamble hereof, the purpose of the
Space is to improve the world by creatively rethinking technology, and
specifically, to:

# Property

The property of this Corporation is irrevocably dedicated to charitable
purposes and no part of the net income or assets of the corporation shall ever
inure to the benefit of any director, trustee, member or officer of this
corporation, or to any private person.

Upon the dissolution or winding up of the corporation, any assets remaining
after payment of, or provision for payment of, all debts and liabilities shall
be distributed to a nonprofit fund, foundation, or corporation which is
organized and operated exclusively for charitable purposes and which has
established its tax-exempt status under Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3

# no self benefit
No part of the net earnings of this corporation shall inure to the benefit of
any individual and this corporation is not organized for profit or to pursue
any endeavor carried on for profit.  This corporation is not organized to
promote any political candidate, neither shall it attempt to influence
legislation unrelated to its mission.
